Chapter 803: Gifts

Chapter 803: Gifts

Fire Dragon

Health: 79.000

Mana: 71.000

Stamina: 69.000

Strength: 4500

Dexterity: 6500

Speed: 4200

Intelligence: 10500

Endurance: 5900

Control: 4500

Mentality: 2900

Luck: 3600

Recovery: 15.000

Willpower: 3900

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Explosive Touch Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Enhancement Lv 410, Fire Armor Lv 280

Spells: Hellfire Lv 400, Absolute Chaos Lv 350, Fire Spear Lv 470, Fire Breath Lv 500...

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 700, Wind Resistance Lv 650, Electric Resistance Lv 700

"Mmm their status are a bit weird," Ryan said after he stopped leveling up Instantaneous Forge and then used Absolute Appraisal. "Something seems weirder here."

"While we can't see them, I am pretty sure their power is compared to level five hundred fire dragons," Alissa said after she killed the first group with a non-elemental breath attack. However, she soon noticed that things wouldn't be that easy.

"That attack seems interesting," Ryan said.

"Orgar taught me that since non-elemental attacks can't be countered by elemental resistances," Alissa said. "Regardless, you guys will have to help me here."

"Femradiel, you do that, I will make the mithril armors," Ryan said.

"I can't make all of us move and fight at the same time," Femradiel said. "Not when the opponents are dragons."

"No problem, after this stage, we will fight him, so it doesn't matter," Ryan said.

Femradiel summoned her familiars and then began to freeze all the dragons while Alissa finished them off. Ryan killed some of them when they needed to catch their breaths and because it was impossible to fight against thousands of level five hundred dragons without taking a break. While they were a bit more troublesome than Hydras at the level max, they weren't much of a threat after Ryan obtained the power of the seven pendragons.

You obtained 1500 points.

You obtained 1500 points.

You obtained 1500 points.

"In the end, this system created by Hypnos is really a shit" Ryan said once he saw those notifications. "It is completely unbalanced."

It took a while to realize it, but all the monsters were much stronger than the ones Ryan faced on Earth. At least when it comes to most species despite that, the number of coins one could receive was meager. Thanks to that, the idea of summoning others from the dream world didn't even cross Ryan's mind. It would take too long, and not to mention, Ryan never found the names of Yahiko, Gustavo, and Lucas. Which was weird since he didn't see them along the way either.

At some point, Ryan even tried to tame or use the Draconic Lord skills on the dragons around, but they didn't work. So, Ryan decided to focus on leveling up Instantaneous Force while Femradiel and Alissa were fighting. A certain idea crossed Ryan's mind, but in the end, Ryan hesitated in using it because he didn't have enough mithril. The idea was simple, try to level up that same skill by using all the mithril and creating a prototype of the armor. Once that happens, Ryan would use Memory Manipulation and make his mind relive that moment several times. However, Ryan was quite sure that mithril wasn't that malleable, so he couldn't reforge the same item over and over again.

"I guess I will do that it will work," Ryan decided to change his plans a little bit.

In the end, Ryan decided to melt the Hephaestus' destroyed hammer, and once it became more malleable, he decided to use Instantaneous Forge that had reached level one hundred. The armor wasn't that thick or heavy since it was basically a copy of the black armor he obtained after losing Lucia's group. Still, it seemed good enough since it protected Ryan's torso and head, and those were the parts he was hit most.

Draconic Mithril Armor (Heroic)

Health + 3000, Endurance + 1500, Willpower + 1500, Mentality + 1500

Durability: 2000/2000

"Not bad, I guess. I have no idea why it became a draconic armor, though," Ryan said.

"A full-body armor would be much cooler," Femradiel said.

"I don't need to be slowed down by something so big and heavy," Ryan said. "Besides, it will do the work. Armor aren't made to make someone look cooler, either."

After storing the armor away, Ryan began to use Memory Manipulation and then saw those memories several times in a row. It was weird to use Draconic Transformation just for that, but Ryan used it. Unfortunately, things weren't progressing that fast

Congratulations! The skill Instantaneous Forge has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Instantaneous Forge has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Instantaneous Forge has leveled up.

When Femradiel and Alissa finally killed ten thousand dragons each, Ryan had used hundreds of mana potions. Still, in the end, the skill only leveled up a little more than twenty times. It wasn't like Ryan imagined he would reach the level of that skill easily, but that disappointed him.

"We are ready to go," Alissa said.

" I guess this is it," Ryan said after a long sigh and then summoned all the rest of mithril he still had.

After making the mithril become more malleable, Ryan used Instantaneous Forge again. He created one set of armor for Femradiel and Alissa, and those were completely full-body armor. Ryan wasn't good with his creativity, but he designated the armor to look like the armor that Athena was using. Although it would make them stand out a lot more, it really looked like the armor some female warriors would show on the battlefield.

"Well, well who could have thought," Femradiel said. "Alissa's armor looks much more imposing."

"It is due to the size," Ryan said. "Stop complaining."

"I didn't ask for one," Alissa said.

"Yes, but since you are too reckless, I decided to make one.

"Well thank you," Alissa said.

Draconic Mithril Armor (Heroic)

Health + 3250, Endurance + 1590, Willpower + 1590, Mentality + 1590

Durability: 2200/2200

Valkyries Mithril Armor (Heroic)

Health + 2250, Endurance + 1090, Willpower + 1090, Mentality + 1090

Durability: 1500/1500

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1