Chapter 809: Unknown Attack

Chapter 809: Unknown attack

Ryan wished that he had the chance to check the skills, but he didn't. Regardless, the power gained by a few classes level up, and by the arrival of another one, was pretty small compared to Ryan's power. Still, he started to feel even more confident than before.

Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa prepared for the next attack, but it never came. It seemed that creating a one-kilometer-long meteor instantly was the limit of Hypnos ability. Still, that wasn't the only thing that made him stop his attack it was the fact that the humans now were wondering if they truly had chosen the side with the best chances. Even if that wasn't the case, Ryan and the other two saved their lives. Considering their power, dodging the meteor wasn't something impossible they probably didn't know that Hypnos had used Perfect Aim when he cast the spell and chose Ryan as a target. So, it was pretty much unavoidable.

"Even more useless than cowards, are hesitating fools," Hypnos said and then raised his right hand.

Hypnos was preparing to onslaught the humans, but Ryan used Teleport and punched him. A Mana Shield appeared and blocked the attack, but he stopped his actions while Ryan didn't even make Hypnos move.

"You people are useless," Alissa said. "Go and hide somewhere else."

It wasn't surprising that Alissa didn't want them in her army. First of all, she abandoned her soldiers, and second of all, she hated cowards. She also didn't let hundreds of humans join her army a few months ago, so Ryan wasn't surprised. Still, he wanted to make people owe him favors.

"You still decided to help them?" Hypnos asked. "How disappointing"

"What can I say?" Ryan asked. "I am not a huge fan of genocides. However, I am a huge fan of fighting assholes."

Ryan summoned his magic bows and tried to make them penetrate the Mana Shield. Still, as expected, even though he was using his full power, the Spiritualist's Crossbows weren't even making the shield tremble. Hypnos truly was a mage-type elder god.

Congratulations! The skill Double Crossbows have leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Double Crossbows have leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Double Crossbows have leveled up.

Ryan used the skill since he had the chance and saw two small crossbows appearing attached to his forearms. They were kind of similar to the ones he had envisioned while he was moving to Russia, but the fact that he didn't have to pull any trigger wasn't something he had planned.

"I guess I really should bet more on mixing several classes that don't have any connection with each other," Ryan smiled in satisfaction.

Before Ryan could keep having the satisfaction of seeing a new skill continuously leveling up. Their body's weight increased yet again summoning, gravity, meteors So far, those were the only things that Hypnos used. Still, none of them seemed like his real specialty in a battle. Still, it was annoying as hell.

Once again, the terrain around them changed, and then Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa saw themselves engulfed by darkness. Even though Ryan could see reasonably well in the dark, even him was having a hard time completely understanding the surroundings. Alissa and Femradiel had good eyes, but even so, they will have a hard time there.

By the look of things, Ryan assumed that they were in some sort of giant cave. The temperature, the humidity, and the format of the ground, and of the few things he could see around made him think of that. Still, before he could understand anything more, Ryan suddenly felt a blunt impact on his face. For a second, he felt that his neck was going to snap, but that didn't happen. Femradiel and Alissa noticed that Ryan got hit. Still, they didn't feel anything moving, so they approached to cover each other's backs.

"That hurt like a bit" Ryan said.

"Did you receive any notification when you got hit?" Femradiel asked.

"No" Ryan replied.

Most likely, it wasn't an elemental attack. Regardless, just knowing that wouldn't help them all that much. Ryan and the others activated Mana Barrier, but then they felt something hitting their bellies out of nowhere. Ryan had prepared for another surprise attack and even tried to grab whatever hit him, but he didn't react in time.

"This is weird" Femradiel said. "You both were hit at the same time, but I didn't notice until the very last moment."

That was indeed weird. Femradiel had sharp senses, so perhaps in that world. Only Hypnos could be faster than her reflexes, but that shouldn't be the case since they got hit at the same time. Not to mention, she didn't know where Hypnos was. Not even her senses could let her know that. So, she couldn't tell Ryan and Alissa either.

Alissa tried to illuminate the place by using a Fireball. Still, much to their surprise, while they could see the spell, they couldn't see the light emanated by it it looked like that environment could suppress the light emitted by most things.

While Ryan was trying to figure out the situation, he suddenly felt something hit him from both sides. His ribs cracked so easily that Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he was in his human form. The pain made him lose the air in his lungs. Perhaps that was Hypnos' true combat power. Still, it seemed weird When beings like Hephaestus used their best attacks, Ryan barely could endure them. So, why could he take so many of those hits while he was being almost completely defenseless and not lose his consciousness?

"Follow me," Ryan said.

Femradiel and Alissa didn't know if Ryan had any plan in mind, but at such a point, there was no point in arguing or trying something else. After all, they didn't have any idea where Hypnos was. Ryan was trying to locate Hypnos and then try to prevent those weird attacks by bombarding him. However, Ryan was forced to stop when he felt another attack hitting the area below his left ear. At that moment, Ryan noticed while he was almost losing consciousness, then he was in trouble. After all, his mithril helmet was supposed to protect that area.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1