Chapter 808: Calm Fighter

Chapter 808: Calm Fighter

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Immunity has leveled up.

Even under the effects of a powerful gravity spell, Femradiel managed to return and then create an ice wall to block the attacks. As usual, her reflexes were something hard to believe, but even so, she could only do so much in a few moments. Ryan couldn't move his arms and barely could think at all with his body that heavy, but he still gave her a hand.

The ice wall created by them was hit by the meteors and soon began to crack. They tried to repair it as fast as possible and reinforce it as well, but the damage was piling up too fast. Ryan considered his options, he wasn't much of a mage, and he wasn't much of a fighter either, but at that moment, perhaps using his body and his archery skills were the best way to solve those problems. Besides, Ryan had another thing in mind

When the ice wall was about to crack, Ryan used all the buffs he had in a single moment. His body got a bit lighter, and thanks to that he then tensed the muscles of his legs before letting all that power proper him upward.

"Shoryuken!" Ryan shouted.

With his right fist raised, Ryan concentrated all the energy he could gather in a single moment on his right fist. Somewhere inside his heart, he hoped that he would learn the skill, but even though his right fist was enveloped in flames, it never happened However, his punch hit the fifty meters long meteors one after the other and broke them.

Congratulations! The class Brawler has reached the Max level.

Your Health and Strength have increased by six points. Your stamina, mana, speed, and endurance have increased by three points.

Congratulations! The class Brute has reached the Max level.

Your Health and Strength have increased by six points. Your stamina, mana, speed, and endurance have increased by three points.

Ryan succeeded in repelling the treat and even made two classes reach the max level thanks to it, and he only had to destroy his right fist to achieve it he couldn't have asked for more. Regardless, Ryan learned his lesson. When he landed, he summoned his magic bows and made sure to use only half of them on the enemies around him.

Hypnos didn't imagine that Ryan would actually try that, but he actually did it. When the next wave of meteors came up, Ryan used his magic bows to attack them. He had only one second to attack and hit the targets, but it had been more than enough. Thanks to the extra numbers of magic bows and thanks to Firing Posture, Ryan fired a massive concentration of bolts that completely decimated the meteors.

"Wow, I guess it wasn't a fluke that you defeated Thanatos," Hypnos said, visibly impressed. "But then, how about this one?"

Ryan didn't like to hear that because he knew something bad was going to happen. In the sky, a giant meteor appeared, much bigger than any of the others. If something lands in the area, everything around will be decimated. Knowing that the humans that just decided to fight for Hypnos dropped their weapons their death was imminent.

However, that gave Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa the chance to focus only on the meteor. Without hesitating, they attacked the massive piece of cosmical dust. Ryan focused on attacking with his magic bows, while Alissa used a concentrated version of her breath that increased its range like a laser. As for Femradiel, she created a single ice tower that was supposed to stop the meteor advance.

Their attacks hit the target and somehow manage to slow down its advance. However, there was no sign of any damage on the massive rock, and it was still approaching. Things were looking dire. Despite that, Ryan was smiling.

"Have you gone mad, Ryan?" Femradiel asked.

"Maybe?" Ryan said.

Although Alissa and Femradiel seemed a bit worried, they weren't that tense because all of them still had some hidden cards in case things really got dire Just like Ryan, they grew tired of battles where only they could worry about losing their lives. They needed to enjoy their moments a little more. What was the point of surpassing a powerful barrier and not feeling great about it? That was exactly why Ryan shouted that earlier

When the meteor was only ten kilometers away from them, it finally cracked right in the middle of it. Exactly where those three had aimed their attacks. Once the crack appeared, it took only a few moments for the entire projectile to break into several pieces that flew in all directions. They succeeded, and they didn't have to look like they had to endure a lot of crap, not to mention, Ryan also received a reward.

Congratulations! The class Marksman has reached the Max level.

Your Dexterity and Stamina have increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased by three points.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Brawler, Brute, and Marksman? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Calm Fighter. You learned the skills: Target Selection, Sixth Sense, and Hand Crossbows. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Target Selection.

Effect: Once you hit a target, you mark them in order to make it impossible for them to dodge the bolts fired by Hand Crossbows. With each level up, this skill will increase the power of Hand Crossbows by five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sixth Sense.

Effect: When fighting against enemies that specializes in close combat, it grants you the chance to see where their attacks will come from by watching their muscles moving. With each level up, you will be able to notice the attacks faster.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hand Crossbows.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon two crossbows that will be attached to your forearms. They will cause damage equal to your dexterity, and they can be fired just by thinking about it. With each level up, you will be able to fire one more bolt per second.

Cost: 50 mana per shot.

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1