Chapter 807: No Going Back

Chapter 807: No going back

Even with their armor, the enemies wouldn't survive if Ryan put a bolt in their heads. That is right. At that point in time, Ryan decided to treat them like he treated all the others that got in his way. Unlike the others, they had the chance to fight alongside Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa, but in the end, they decided to take the side that had the better chances of winning. That was with Ryan, and because of it, he didn't have to hesitate.

Ryan summoned his magic bows and bombarded the enemies with copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow. Naturally, the enemies specialized in defense tried to protect the long-range fighters, but even those were pushed backward several meters at Ryan's powerful barrage of attacks. They were pushed back for dozens of meters, and they couldn't do a single thing about it because Ryan's power nearly doubled, at least when it comes to his long-ranged attacks after the trip to the pendragons' world.

It didn't take long for even the ones specialized in defense to fall in the droves. It was only obvious that it would happen to make things end sooner, Femradiel began to freeze the area around, and with her magic, the enemies started to get stuck on the ground. Thanks to that, Ryan and Alissa's attacks obliterated hundreds of the enemies.

At that pace, Hypnos was going to lose his arms, so he decided to send some help. Suddenly, Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa saw a group of ten fire dragons appearing around them Hypnos chose to make use of the feature of that game-like world.

"What an annoying guy" Ryan said.

Ryan was saving his mana while he was attacking the humans anyway, so he could afford to use some extra mana against the Fire Dragons. He used the Illusory Crossbows and made some of the dragons think that the others were the natural enemies. The fact that he had to hit them for the illusion to keep going was a problem, but it was better than just killing them and make ten others spawn.

"Smart, but how about this?" Hypnos said and then threw some potions toward the enchanted dragons.

Once a weird liquid was poured under the dragons, the illusion broke, and when Ryan tried to hit them again with the Illusory Crossbow, the bolts were repelled, at least their effects. Hypnos had access to some potions that could nullify the power of illusions and create a barrier against them Although that was a problem, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if, with the Alchemy class, someday he would be able to make such a potion. The skill was about to reach level one hundred, so soon, he should be able to create more than just regular potions and others that could boost his attributes.

"Focus on the mission, Ryan," Femradiel said.

"You even stole my line, huh," Ryan said and then sighed. "Anyway, Alissa, focus on transforming them into magic weapons, this might take a while, but it will be for the best."

"It'd better be," Alissa said without imagining what Ryan had in mind.

They had no idea when Hypnos was going to fight in earnest, so they had to make sure to make the most of the situation before he decided to pitch in. Alissa also could store the magic items in spatial storage, so she quickly hides those there. Still, even at her best speed, she could only defeat two humans and turn two of them into weapons for a second.

Seeing them fighting so passively made Hypnos wonder about what they were plotting. According to the data he had of them, it was hard to tell what Ryan was planning. Regardless to save some mana and make sure that the dragons wouldn't fall too fast and make some fresh ones appear. Ryan made his double-headed club spin at terrific spins, to the point that it even created a tornado that pulled the dragons toward it.

The creatures tried to run away and split when the weapon approached one of them and knocked it down near instantly. Although it was a game world, it was a world that followed some real-world laws. So, even those creatures could be knocked down like that.

The dragons tried to attack the club at the same time with their Fire Breath, but in the end, that gave Femradiel the chance to snipe them with some powerful Ice Spears. She was the best to face that kind of enemy, after all. Still, soon after, ten other fire dragons appeared.

"I am going out for a bit," Femradiel said. "You two can face them without me."

Femradiel teleported, and before they could even see her, they saw the head of a Fire Dragon freezing. In the blink of an eye, the same happened to others, but they didn't die at least not so fast. Since Femradiel was taking care of them, Ryan began to help Alissa. While he made the massive club scare the crap out of the enemies, he froze some of them with Freezing Bolts and then turned them into weapons.

Pyromancer Staff

Effect: It increases the power of your fire-related skills by ten percent.

Intelligence + 200, Recovery + 100

Durability: 100/100

Enraged Warrior Ax

Effect: It increases the power of your attacks when facing other humans by ten percent.

Strength + 200, Speed + 100

Durability: 150/150

Lightning Beam Crossbow

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a continuous beam of electricity that might paralyze the enemies.

Intelligence + 200, Dexterity + 100

Durability: 100/100

The quality of the weapons was pretty decent, but in the end, Hypnos wasn't fooling enough to let the enemies do what they wanted when he had no idea what they were planning. Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa's bodies suddenly became much heavier, and they felt the danger for their lives. Thanks to Death Sense, Ryan knew from where the danger was coming from it was from above. Ryan started to sweat cold when he saw a group of meteors moving toward them at unbelievable speeds.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1