Chapter 813: This Is Good

Chapter 813: This is good

Before the smoke caused by the explosion could disappear, Ryan appeared while falling in his Draconic form. His body was covered in wounds, and he was bleeding quite a lot. Still, he was conscious

"I guess I should be happy that they went all out and didn't treat me like someone made so frail," Ryan said and then began to levitate and heal his wounds.

Fortunately, Hypnos's skill worked to help Ryan. Since his arms were still asleep, he wasn't suffering all that much. Regardless, before Ryan could heal himself, another explosion happened and dispersed the smoke. Hypnos's figure appeared, and he seemed pretty pissed. His wounds weren't as big as Ryan's, and he barely was bleeding, but he suffered some damage. Ryan's surprise attack messed with his rhythm and made him unable to react to even Alissa and Femradiel's attacks.

"I guess not even in this world, you are all powerful," Ryan said. "This is good."

"It wouldn't be fun to create a world where I am completely invincible," Hypnos said and then took a deep breath.

Hypnos was angry, but he wasn't the type who tends to let his anger control his emotions. Still, it didn't mean that he would let things go unpunished. Ryan, Femradiel, and the others prepared to attack, but then Ryan stopped in midair after he used Teleport to move behind Hypnos. Thanks to that, he easily blocked Alissa and Femradiel's attacks. Suddenly, Ryan began to fall while he was making a surprised expression.

"What the hell happened?" Ryan asked in shock.

Ryan suddenly lost control over his entire body, with the sole exception of his head. Almost at the same time, he understood what had happened. Just like Thanatos, Hypnos had the ability to make the enemies that approach him suffer under some effects. In his case, it was the effect of making the enemies' bodies becoming asleep.

Femradiel and Alissa flew to help Ryan, but he stopped his fall by using Telekinesis. It looked like the enemies couldn't use their mana properly while they were close to Hypnos. That would be the only explanation for his fall since his head was what controlled Fly.

"What happened?" Femradiel asked when she approached.

"He created some sort of magic field that numbs your senses around him," Ryan replied. "Except my head, I can't control any part of my body. Be careful because using mana is also difficult around him."

While they were talking, Hypnos, for the first time, made an arrow appear and nock it. Soon after, he also pulled the string and began to concentrate on his next attack. In the blink of an eye, so much energy was gathered that Femradiel and Alissa couldn't help but sweat cold. An attack like that was gathering energy enough to cause more damage than that one-kilometer-long meteor.

"We have to attack that," Alissa said. "Now!"

Following Alissa's lead, Ryan and Femradiel used the Draconic Bow. Their attacks united as one and then quickly approached Hypnos, but Hypnos also fired his attack and easily overpowered it. Ryan imagined that their attacks wouldn't stop Hypnos, so he had already prepared his next move. He ate the magic weapons he created earlier, recovered a lot of mana, and also received a boost in power.

Congratulations! The skill Cryomancy has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Resistance has leveled up.

Somehow, Ryan reacted in time and recovered enough mana to teleport himself, Femradiel, and Alissa away from the blast, but even so, things didn't end just by moving away. Hypnos' attack obliterated the entire area and kept expanding for quite a while, turning the dark mountains into nothing while being eaten by the ever-growing pillar of light.

When the pillar of light finally disappeared, Ryan and the others found the result of Hypnos's full power. There was no hole left by the attack, only what seemed to be a space where nothing could be seen or put. It was like a version of outer space on earth, but it was nothing like that in reality. It was just a destroyed part of Hypnos' dream world. Still, it wouldn't be stupid to think that an attack like that could destroy a small country, and if Hypnos has the chance to charge that attack for longer

The idea was just too much for them to bear, and unfortunately, Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa saw Hypnos charging another arrow. Their best attacks couldn't defeat Hypnos, not even if they could fire it in a quick succession.

"Well what now?" Femradiel asked. "Just like Hephaestus said that elder gods have a near unlimited mana pool, I would say that Hypnos' mana pool is even larger in this world. Most likely, even if he doesn't kill us, he will destroy this world and make us unable to do anything, much less defeat him."

Hypnos looked as calm as always, but Ryan could see another level of anger in his eyes in the end. He didn't fear those that express his anger like beasts. Ryan fears those that express their anger like that.

" Things will work out in the end as long as we try together," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Alissa, protect Femradiel with all your might. Femradiel, you should work on leveling up Anger Manipulation while you can."

After saying that, Ryan used the small amount of mithril he still had and created a chamber big enough for two people on the back of his armor. That should keep those two protected from his own attacks if Femradiel takes too long on recovering his mind.

"Are you sure of that?" Femradiel asked. "There is no telling if I will succeed in doing this, Thanatos succeeded because he is an elder god and he was good at doing that."

"There is no other choice," Ryan said. "The enemy this time is that troublesome, and we aren't strong enough to defeat him on his turf.

Femradiel and Alissa could only nod after hearing that. Ryan's idea was probably the best one, but not even Alissa could offer such an option. After all, she barely could remember anything when she was a cursed dragon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1