Chapter 812: Combination

Chapter 812: Combination

"I commend you for knowing how to counter some of my skills, but you will have to try harder if you want to succeed," Hypnos said.

After saying that, Hypnos pointed his bow toward Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa. In a single moment, and before they could do anything, they were hit by invisible arrows on their left arms. Instantly, a good part of them began to fall asleep. Before Hypnos could try to hit them more, they began to Teleport around in order not to give them the chance to aim. Usually, that would buy them enough time to recover themselves, but only if the opponent weren't an elder god.

Hypnos decided to focus his attacks on Ryan, and he had imagined that would be the case and then charged toward Hypnos. He tried to land a fake punch and then grab the bow, but Hypnos Teleported away from him. Naturally, while he holds such a powerful weapon, he won't drop his guard. When Hypnos tried to aim the bow toward him, Ryan used Ice Breath, but Alissa and Femradiel attacked with Ice Spears and another breath attack from above and from behind. In the end, Hypnos was forced to Teleport and stop his counterattack.

"All right, let's keep coordinating like this," Ryan said via Telepathy. "He is strong and skilled, but he can't attack and block all of our attacks at the same time. Once he drops his guard, attack with all your might."

Femradiel and Alissa nodded, but even so, all of them knew things wouldn't be simple since Hypnos knew what they were planning. It was a bit risky, even for Hypnos, but he had to select a target and focus only on them. Once he succeeds and puts one of the three down, then things won't be that troublesome.

Hypnos began to teleport at high speeds as well to dodge their combined attacks, but Ryan and Femradiel made sure to activate Perfect Aim. At some point, Hypnos was going to be bombarded by them or perhaps Ryan and Alissa will suffer the same fate as Hephaestus due to their size. Regardless, it was a necessary risk.

Hypnos focused on evading their attacks and attacking Ryan whenever possible without taking many risks. He sure had steel nerves because he never got too tense, not even when he escaped the attacks by a hair's breadth. When the projectiles were about to unavoidably hit him, Hypnos suddenly disappeared, and then the bolts hit one of the mountains. The whole area trembled, but not Hypnos line of defense. He could teleport to the interior of those when it comes down to it and ultimately return completely unscathed.

"I guess this isn't going to work unless we use Draconic Bow again," Ryan thought.

Even using that attack wasn't a sure way to defeat Hypnos, perhaps at firing at point-blank range, but there were no guarantees that it would happen. Hypnos already proved himself to be a capable mage, so his defensive spells will decrease the power of their attacks exponentially. Using his best weapons and long-ranged attacks won't work like that, so Ryan decided to use his newest skills.

Like a madman, Ryan began to Teleport too close to Hypnos while trying to punch him. He wasn't firing any arrows or bolts in order to save mana just for that, and thanks to it, he managed to force Hypnos to focus on moving away from him as well.

"We can't attack if you stay too close to him," Femradiel said via Telepathy.

"Don't worry about that," Ryan said. "Just make sure to take advantage of the situation."

Ryan knew that those two only needed a single instant to land any attack, and that was exactly why he insisted on chasing Hypnos. At first, Ryan was always a step behind Hypnos, but despite that, the target didn't have the chance to use his bow. If he were to aim at Ryan even for a few moments, Ryan would have the chance to land a hit.

Hypnos' expression darkened upon noticing that Ryan wasn't giving him any room to attack. Suddenly, Hypnos disappeared, and then Ryan felt his presence above him. Ryan tried to chase him, but then he saw some meteors falling. He tried to escape by teleporting, but then the meteors chased him. After trying to escape from those for two seconds, Ryan felt his arms getting hit by invisible arrows, and then they fell asleep near instantly.

"Shit" Ryan said.

Ryan used some extra mana to summon Magic Bows and then destroy the meteors with his bolt, and this time, he approached Hypnos. Much to his surprise, Hypnos blocked a punch with his bow, and as if that wasn't crazy enough, the weapon didn't even move. Soon after, Ryan felt a wave of energy passing through his whole right arm, and then he completely lost control over it.

Alissa and Femradiel attacked Hypnos in the next moment, but their breath and Ice Spear didn't hit anything. Hypnos used Teleport to escape the very moment he achieved his goal. Ryan began to chase Hypnos again while he was using Purification. It was a pain that not a single of his resistance skills worked against that kind of attack. Still, it was only natural since Hypnos was Thanatos's brother.

His normal speed wasn't enough, so Ryan decided to use SPE potions. It was a bit risky to use all of them, but Ryan was dead set on using them to end that fight as soon as possible. At some point, Ryan's reaction speed increased so much that he could even see Hypnos' movements when he was about to attack or teleport.

When that same scene repeated itself, Ryan saw almost in slow motion the moment when Hypnos tried to block another punch with the bow, but in the last moment, Ryan stopped his arm and then used Draconic Bow. An explosion enveloped the area where Ryan and Hypnos were, and since they were in the air, it was obvious that Ryan hit the enemy. Near instantly, Femradiel and Alissa also fired Draconic Bow.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1