Chapter 820: Training

Chapter 820: Training

Congratulations! The skill Chi Explosion has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Chi Explosion has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Chi Explosion has leveled up.

In the end, Ryan soon learned how to make that skill level up faster and while he learned that, Ryan also learned how to use it in quick succession and look exactly like KAMEHAMEHA. As soon as Ryan succeeded that, an old friend suddenly appeared, jumped onto him, and then began to lick his face.

"Hey, there, buddy," Ryan said to Furball. "It has been a while."

Furball

Health: 65.852/65.852

Mana: 35.632/35.632

Stamina: 43.523/43.523

Strength: 9523

Dexterity: 8522

Speed: 7486

Intelligence: 7512

Endurance: 7451

Control: 6632

Mentality: 4563

Luck: 8536

Recovery: 11562

Willpower: 4452

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 223, Body Slam Lv 199

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 188, Improved Speed Lv 181, Improved Recovery Lv 173

Spells: Fire Bullet Lv 218, Electric Bullet Lv 203

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 245, Cold Resistance Lv 192, Electric Resistance Lv 175

"It looks like you haven't been slacking off despite the fact that we were away," Ryan said while he patted his legendary squire.

"Since Hypnos spell didn't work on monsters, he had been working quite a lot in fighting the hordes of monsters in the area around Isis's domain," Femradiel said and then began to work on expanding the Void World. "Anyway, I finally had the chance to check things on your country and from a certain perspective, it looks like it is completely in the hands of the monsters."

"That bad, huh" Ryan said. "What about Baal and Lilith?"

"I didn't have the chance to check their dungeons, but I am pretty sure they will try to take over the entire North America," Femradiel replied. "Alissa's men and your friends back in the underground hideout are probably the only ones that may get on their way."

"If they succeed, they will be able to march South and take over the rest of the continent," Mephisto is in South America, so if they join forces"

"Isis is already too busy in this region, so she won't be able to offer any help to your friends there," Femradiel said. "Do you want me to give them a hand?"

"I want to give them a hand, I want to leave this place as soon as possible and do that," Ryan said. "Besides, we know that the demon generals are as strong as the elder gods. Not to mention, they can corrupt other monsters, so they can increase their own army exponentially faster than any other enemy."

"Sure, I can bring you to the battlefield and do the same thing you did to that woman in Russia," Femradiel said. "Using Telekinesis, I will make you spin and then attack the enemies. It should be even more effective while Draconic Transformation is active. Anyway, this place is already big enough, so I will start to send some people here. If you don't have anything to do, you can help them."

"I am pretty busy here," Ryan said.

"Sure, trying to mimic cartoons sure is busy," Femradiel said.

After Femradiel left, Ryan checked and confirmed that the island and the whole scenery were at least ten times larger than before. Ryan finally could take two steps without having to worry about wetting his feet. In any case, he couldn't spar with others. So, the only way he could help other people in getting stronger was by using Skill Bestowal or becoming a target for their skills. Naturally, Ryan didn't feel like doing anything like that for free. Furball seemed pretty strong, but the island wasn't big enough for them to fight in the end.

While Ryan was considering what to do, suddenly ten people appeared behind him. That was actually good since Ryan could act like he didn't notice them. While he was thinking, those people began to train with each other. That was a golden opportunity, and they couldn't afford to waste it. Trying to train Chi Explosion seemed strangely silly while others could see him, so Ryan decided to try something else. While he was checking his skill list. Two people approached him. Ryan didn't like people approaching from his back, so he turned.

"Hello we came to apologize for before," A certain young man said.

Ryan frowned since he didn't recognize him, but he frowned even more when he saw that there was a woman on his side, but they looked alike a lot. They were probably twins.

"I don't know you, so I don't know what you are apologizing for," Ryan said.

"We were there when Hypnos started to fight against you," The young woman said.

"Oh, yeah well, it doesn't matter," Ryan said. "I have no hard feelings, so don't mind me."

After saying that, Ryan turned around again. While Ryan usually doesn't forgive those that point their weapons toward him, he wasn't harsh to the point where he would go as far as killing every single one of those. Even more when there were dozens of thousands trying to attack him due to a complicated situation.

Ryan seemed unapproachable, and due to his cold attitude, those two assumed that Ryan didn't want to get involved with them. So, they decided not to get in his way. It was the least they could do after what happened. Thanks to that, Ryan realized once more that he didn't have any reason to worry about what others think of him. So, he resumed his training with Chi Explosion. However, after analyzing things for a while, he understood that such a technique wouldn't work against tougher enemies, only against small fries.

"Well, it is not like I can only train my most powerful skills here, but" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Perhaps I should level up the weakest ones for the sake of status points."

Ryan didn't have the chance to check some of his skills truly through, so perhaps that was a good chance since he finally had some peace and time to do so.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1