Chapter 819: Now What?

Chapter 819: Now what?

"So there is no prediction as to when my body will return to normal?" Ryan asked.

"Nope, right now, you are burning so that we could fry an egg on your forehead," Femradiel said. "According to Isis, if you train here and obtain full control over these crazy abilities that we obtained in the last few months, you should recover faster. She even went as far as helping me with the mana to create this environment and since we were at it, I decided that I would send some other people who need to be trained to this place in order not to let you feel lonely."

Ryan furrowed his eyebrows after he heard that, most likely, Isis offered a hand but also the fact that some people might find this opportunity pretty good. After all, time could pass differently in the Void World. Still, if he had to train, he would train by himself, not with others. However, that would be a bit unreasonable. After all, a stupid amount of mana was being used to keep that world working.

"Isis said that she can create a place similar to this, but it requires a lot more mana than when Hypnos or us can use it," Femradiel said. "She also said that I can customize this place as I see fit, so let's make things look a bit more interesting."

In the blink of an eye, the Void World became blue like the color of the sky. After that, Ryan and Femradiel saw themselves standing on a pretty small island that had only space for a single coconut tree.

"Mmm it seems the level of the skill also determines how large this place is," Femradiel said. "Right now, this is the limit of what I can do."

"Are you messing with me?" Ryan asked since that was supposed to be an island, but there was no sea.

Femradiel solved that issue quickly since the skill was already leveling up. Still, even so, from above, it looked like they were standing in the middle of a large-sized pool and someone decided to create a fake island in the middle of it.

"Anyway, I am going to return later to upgrade things a little bit," Femradiel said. "I don't like this type of world, not even a little bit, even despite its usefulness. I have some things to do as well, so it might take a while before I return."

"Can you at least make some dragons spawn in order to make time pass faster?" Ryan asked.

Femradiel tried that, but in the end, the best she could do was to make a single level one goblin appear, and he didn't even appear as often as in Hypnos' dream world. In the end, Femradiel shrugged before leaving.

"This girl seriously is" Ryan said and then sighed.

A single kick had been more than enough to make the goblin disappear, and another creature appeared after thirty seconds. Also, neither of them gave Ryan coins or points It looked like Ryan will have to find some other way to have any training done in such a world.

Although Ryan had a golden chance to train, now that he thought about it, he didn't know what he should do. After all, his skill with bows and crossbows probably was leagues above any other human. Not to mention, his skill increased naturally as his dexterity went up.

"Oh, well might as well have some fun while I am at it," Ryan said and then began to use Chi Explosion.

Ryan fired spheres of energy through his hands and made them fly into the distance until they completely disappeared. As expected, using that kind of spell without a target was boring. Still, eventually, Ryan got used to it as the skill leveled up. While that was happening

"How did he take it?" Isis asked when Femradiel opened her eyes.

"He didn't complain as nearly as he usually would," Femradiel replied. "I guess deep down he knows that something is changing inside him and that he has been overworking himself."

"You said that this anger reached a whole new level this time, even though she still managed to fool Hypnos in that state," Isis said. "I faced some cursed dragons myself, so I can understand how things got complicated. Did you manage to create an environment where he will be able to learn how to control his rage?"

"I think so, right now he is standing in the middle of a five per five tropical island," Femradiel said. "Once Void World levels up a bit more, I will make the place more relaxing."

The idea was to make Ryan train in a place where he could have some peace of mind while training, not for him to take a vacation on a tropical resort. Still, Femradiel probably was the one who knew most about the current Ryan, so Isis decided to trust her judgment.

"Are the people who are going to join Ryan ready?" Femradiel asked. "Many of them saw us fighting Hypnos, so it wouldn't surprise me if they got scared of him. Not to mention, he isn't the most patient person in the world."

"Mohammed is making a list since we can't send all those who want to become stronger to that world at the same time, it will be ready by tomorrow," Isis replied. "You should rest in the meantime."

"I am going to bring Furball over, he should help Ryan to relax in that world," Femradiel said. "I will return as soon as possible."

It was already night, so Femradiel would be hard to find, not to mention, her mana pool grew so much since the last time she had been on Earth that perhaps she could return before one hour. As soon as Femradiel left, Isis stared at the night sky and started to wonder. Those two worked a lot to defeat several elder gods. Still, according to Isis's intel, only Ryan was being hunted for, and that was weird in more ways than one.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1