Chapter 817: Collapse

Chapter 817: Collapse

It was insane to try to stop a lion in the middle of a meal, but Femradiel was pretty used to situations like that. After all, she had been fighting the elder gods with Ryan pretty much every week for the past two months. In the end, she didn't hesitate in using Teleporting and taking Hypnos away from Ryan. Fortunately, he was so beaten down that Femradiel didn't have to move for long before Seal finally worked.

You obtained 1.685.692.125 coins.

Mithril Crossbow of the Instantaneous Sleep (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using the crossbow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods. At the cost of one thousand points of mana, it grants you the power to put to sleep any target for five minutes.

Dexterity + 3600, Intelligence + 1000, Speed + 1000

Durability: 2400/2400

Congratulations! For defeating Hypnos, you have become a Level one Sleep Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Void World, Sleep Manipulation, and Darkness Manipulation.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Void World.

Effect: It grants the power to create a world alternate from reality where you can create things as you see fit. You can also make the time in their pass faster or slower. The speed of time in such space increases or decreases by ten percent per level of the skill.

Cost: 10.000 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sleep Manipulation.

Effect: It grants the power to put your targets to sleep near instantly. The amount of mana to make the target fall asleep will depend on their resistances and statuses.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Darkness Manipulation.

Effect: It grants you the power to manipulate darkness and shadows as you see fit. At high levels, you will be able to bend reality by using this skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

The name of the class seemed pretty lame, but that was just a minor issue at the moment from everyone's perspective since the dream world began to disappear. Femradiel and Alissa suddenly felt light-headed, but that probably was how it should be

When Ryan opened his arms again, he saw himself looking at the unknown ceiling. His head was hurting like a bitch. He was hungry and thirsty as well. When he got up, he saw several other beds around, and he saw Alissa, Femradiel, and many other individuals. One by one, they woke up, and thanks to that, Ryan soon recalled the fight against Hypnos. It seemed that they won. Ryan checked his status screen and confirmed that was the case.

When Femradiel and Alissa started to move like they were about to get up, the door of the room opened, and Ryan saw a familiar figure. It was Mohammed, probably the only person in Egypt that he talked with aside from Isis.

"Hey, it has been a while," Mohammed said.

"I guess we owe Isis one," Ryan said and then sighed. "How have you been?"

"Well, considering the situation, pretty good, actually," Mohammed said. "I am better now knowing that you and the others are back."

Soon after, Alissa and Femradiel got up, and they couldn't help but frown while looking at Ryan. Now that he thought about it, he planned to rely on his Cursed form to defeat Hypnos, and then Femradiel would make him recover his sanity, but considering her expression, it seemed that not everything went as planned.

"Did something happen?" Ryan asked.

"We won, but we thought you wouldn't return to normal soon after," Femradiel said.

"I guess we were lucky that the destruction of the dream world made me return to normal," Ryan said and then noticed that he was burning with a fever. "I guess this is the price of relying on that power and making my spiritual body suffer so much."

"It has been a while," Isis suddenly opened the door of the room and said.

Instantly, the people who knew Isis bet their knees. Even those who just had woken up. That had been a better idea, though. Since they hadn't been using their bodies for the past week, many of them fell to the ground.

"Don't push yourselves," Isis said. "This is hardly the time to do anything reckless. Rest easy because we all know that you have been fighting. As for you you are full of surprises. You return after several weeks and already fell for a trap."

Isis seemed a bit tired. Even though she was an elder god, that was kind of weird. Now that Ryan thought about it, it was also risky for her to show up in the middle of the city, even though she could already show her full power on Earth.

"Can you explain to me what happened while you were unconscious?" Isis asked.

"Do you want to hear from there?" Ryan asked.

"I already know what happened in the pendragons' world," Isis said.

In the end, that wasn't even a single bit surprising. Regardless, Ryan owed at least that much to Isis, so he explained in detail what happened in the dream world. Those had been some pretty intense days, but in the end, things ended well or so, Ryan thought.

"It looks like you three were pushed pretty hard by Hypnos," Isis said. "He didn't underestimate you, so it is only natural. Regardless, you have emerged victorious so you should feel proud for saving so many lives. Rest for a few days, and once you recover your strength, we will talk about what changed while you were away."

"Yeah we will do" Ryan said.

Before Ryan could finish his sentence, he suddenly felt the world spinning around him, and in the next moment, he lost consciousness once again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1