Chapter 816: Follow Up

Chapter 816: Follow up

"HAHA! This is it!" Hypnos said. "This is so much fun! It has been so long since I had this much fun!"

It seemed that Hypnos had forgotten about his original goal of rescuing his brother. He didn't look like someone who enjoys himself that much in a fight, but he sure looked delighted while he was beating the crap out of Ryan. Femradiel thought that the more he gets hit, the angrier Ryan would become, and thus he would gain more power, but it seemed things weren't that simple

In the end, Hypnos finished the sequence by charging the last attack for half a second and then hit Ryan's head. This time, Femradiel and Alissa heard his neck cracking, and they feared the worst. However, they didn't have time to worry since they were on Ryan's back, and his body was sent flying in the distance. He flew for dozens of kilometers in a few seconds, only to stop after rolling on the ground for half a minute. It was a miracle that Femradiel and Alissa didn't suffer much damage, but even so, they worked hard to heal Ryan's body.

However, before their spells could have any effect, the miasma fixed Ryan's neck in just a few moments. That was good, but it was also bad. Femradiel knew that not a single body could withstand that kind of damage for long.

"Let's use some potions," Femradiel said. "This should give Ryan some boost in power."

"Ah, I hate to stay in the background like this" Alissa said.

Although she wanted to fight, Alissa worked hard to use potions that boosted Ryan's status. Still, for some reason, he wasn't as active as before. Neither of them could notice that the real Ryan was back, but his rage seemed quieter than before However, when Hypnos approached to attack, Ryan suddenly attacked him with his double-headed club. Hypnos' kick and Ryan's weapon collided, and a powerful blunt sound echoed through the area. The weapon broke, but Ryan recovered a huge deal of mana. The club broke into several pieces in the same instant. Ryan used his Dark Ice Breath at point-blank range.

Putting aside Hypnos, not even Femradiel imagined that Ryan would be able to lay such a trap while he was completely mad. In the end, it worked pretty well. Hypnos was completely sealed inside, and his body was emitting a lot of the dark miasma. The block of ice fell on the ground, and then Ryan began to fly that was another weird step considering how violent he was when he became a cursed dragon.

After Ryan reached a certain altitude, he stopped and then saw the dark ice cracking. Hypnos was still trying to fight, but Ryan wouldn't let that happen even in his madness. So, he began to focus all his energy on his right fist. Weirdly enough, even the corruption began to concentrate on his right arm. Until it reached a point, it became a huge, dark arm that resembled the wing of a fallen angel.

"This is going to hurt" Femradiel said.

Ryan flew toward where Hypnos was stuck, and at the very last moment, he was able to free himself and charge toward Ryan as well. Hypnos tried to disperse the energy, but in the end, it barely made any difference. Ryan's fist and Hypnos bow collided, and then a massive explosion happened that destroyed all the dark mountains in the area.

The explosion of energy made the entire space vibrate, and Femradiel and Alissa saw some distortions in the illusion. It seemed that they could escape using those, but not while Ryan was trying to overpower Hypnos with that attack. In the end, they saw his right arm completely being destroyed by the massive impact that was bad, really bad. However, the energy collision suddenly stopped, and Ryan's attack won the exchange, much to their surprise. Hypnos was sent flying toward the horizon, and his body was completely damaged and emanating miasma and blood from all his wounds.

When that ended, Femradiel and Alissa saw that their attacks destroyed that reality, just like Hypnos enhanced arrows. However, Ryan lost a hand, and not even the corruption was healing it so fast. Ignoring the wound, Ryan looked for the place where Hypnos was sent, and only after quite a while. He found him unconscious on the ground and in the middle of a dark forest. Why was he unconscious in his own dream world? No one could explain, and Ryan couldn't care less about it either.

"HAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!" Ryan roared.

Ryan landed right above Hypnos and then began to hit him with his left arm. With every hit, he created a crater below them, and then it expanded. Although Hypnos was already half-dead, that was just a minor detail for the current Ryan. He attacked and attacked, and at some point, even his left arm broke. Once that happened, he noticed that it wasn't causing much damage, he began to headbutt him.

"I really don't want to rely on a power like that" Alissa said. "What is the plan?"

"I am already working on it," Femradiel replied.

Since the moment Hypnos lost the exchange, Femradiel began to use Anger Manipulation, but even so, that wasn't making any difference. At that rate, Hypnos will die, the dream world will disappear, and Ryan will rampage on Earth. That was the worst-case scenario.

Although he was unconscious, Hypnos' body was enduring the damage quite a lot, but there were no signs of him recovering consciousness. At that rate Ryan will end up killing an elder god, and that probably wasn't good since they had no idea what might happen. Sure, turning them into tools was a crime from their perspective, but not as much as killing. Fortunately, Femradiel had an idea

"Let's use Seal on Hypnos, once we defeat him and turn him into a weapon, we will obtain his powers and use it on Ryan and then force him to calm down in this dream world," Femradiel said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1