Chapter 814: Me Neither

Chapter 814: Me neither

When Ryan decided to stop having fun and enjoying the situation, his blood began to boil again. Alissa and Femradiel also decided to enter the chamber he created on his back to offer some support and stop him if they ever have the chance. After all, there was a chance that Ryan wouldn't win by letting his anger control him once again.

Almost near-instantly, Ryan's body was covered by that shadow, and he began to emanate the miasma. Femradiel imagined that he would lose his mind after a certain point, but much to her surprise, even when she noticed that Ryan was no longer there, the rage didn't turn him into a beast-like before. While she heard Ryan's grunt, Femradiel also noticed Ryan starting at Hypnos.

Ryan charged toward Hypnos, and the elder god couldn't help but frown. That was pretty much suicide since Ryan wasn't the type who could withstand many attacks. While he knew that those three were plotting something, it was hard to imagine any plan being useful right at that moment. Regardless, Hypnos welcomed the attack since his arrow will obviously cause more damage the closer Ryan gets.

When Hypnos fired the arrow, Ryan opened his mouth and used Dark Ice Breath. The attacks collided, and much to Hypnos, Femradiel, and Alissa's surprise, the attacks apparently had the same level of power. Neither cannons of energy win the war of attrition, but Ryan and Hypnos were forced to back down due to the sheer power alone of their attacks. Hypnos moved to high in the sky and tried to attack Ryan with his special arrows, and he hit him, but he didn't notice his body getting slower or weaker.

"What is wrong with him?" Hypnos asked, confused.

It was impossible to dodge or nullify the effects of his arrows instantly so that Hypnos couldn't understand it. He faced plenty of cursed dragons in the past, but neither of them resisted the power of his arrows. While Hypnos was confused, Ryan suddenly increased his speed and hit his body hit Hypnos before he could use his bow to protect himself. Hypnos clicked his tongue in annoyance since Ryan's resilience against special attacks wasn't the only thing that grew.

Before Hypnos could try to stop moving after the impact, Ryan used Teleport and appeared right behind him and tried to slice in half with his claws. However, Hypnos moved away by using Teleport as well.

"It looks like you managed to keep your sanity even after reaching this level of corruption," Femradiel said.

Femradiel hoped to hear an answer, but she didn't hear one. She had assumed that Ryan was somewhere in there since he was using his old tactics, but it seemed that wasn't the case. The madness within him was just trying to defeat the enemy before him no matter what.

"Orgar told me that cursed dragons are stronger than ordinary ones, but this boost in power isn't anything that he had mentioned" Alissa said. "I don't remember many things when I lost my mind, but I didn't feel that powerful."

"It is probably because you didn't have much rage inside you to begin with," Femradiel explained. "Considering your past and Orgar, you were more sad than angry. Ryan is stupid enough not to let himself get sad. He doesn't show his anger, but when he is not calm, he is usually pretty mad. Since he doesn't do many things to let out his frustration, that is why he has so much rage accumulated inside him."

From Alissa's perspective, Ryan didn't look like that kind of person. Still, he couldn't disagree that Ryan was the type of person who would deal with certain troublesome things with sadness. Even on the few times, she saw him angry. It was only a demonstration that lasted for a couple of seconds. While looking at Ryan fighting like that, Alissa couldn't help but think that Ryan always forced his anger to stay inside him to use in moments like that.

When Ryan got close enough again to hit him, Hypnos focused on blocking the attack with his bow. However, even with that, he was being pushed backward. The difference in size didn't help Ryan before, but now it was working. While clenching his teeth, Hypnos used his bow and tried to numb half of Ryan's body before his punch could overpower his bow. However, that never happened. What happened was the fact that Hypnos was sent flying backward and only stopped after hitting one of the dark mountains in the area and only stopped after piercing it for hundreds of meters. For the first time in a long while, Hypnos coughed blood.

"I see now this miasma" Hypnos said. "My brother should have a fearsome ability to heal himself. Adding vampirism and his power to control death itself, he should be able to heal from most wounds instantly, but thanks to this miasma"

No one knew who Hypnos was talking with, but it certainly wasn't Ryan. He flew toward Hypnos again and tried to smash him with his knee, but at the last moment, Hypnos escaped, and Ryan only ended up opening another massive crater on that mountain.

While he was cleaning the blood from his mouth, Hypnos' face darkened again. At that point in time, there was no reason to keep hiding his cards Hypnos moved his bow to the side and then suddenly punched the air in front of him, but before the swing of the motion could end, a dark sphere appeared in front of him and engulfed his arm. In the next moment, Ryan was hit in the stomach and was forced to slow down his charges.

"So, that is his trick" Femradiel said. "He is bending space to cause physical damage at any distance on Ryan. What is even worse is the fact that his arm doesn't have to appear near the target."

"That sure is a troublesome ability do you know how to counter it?" Alissa asked.

"No" Femradiel said.

"Me neither," Alissa added.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1