Chapter 815: Only Option

Chapter 815: Only option

Alissa and Femradiel couldn't help but frown. Hypnos was causing just too much damage using that strategy. Ryan's endurance should have increased three to four times when he became a cursed dragon, but even so, he was suffering too much damage.

"He is going all out this time," Femradiel said. "He didn't do that before because he didn't want us to understand his ability."

Hypnos attacks were strong enough even to stop Ryan's charge in his draconic form, and while the corruption, the corruption had utterly overtaken his mind. They had assumed that Hypnos was a magic archer, but he was more all-rounder than any enemy they met so far. In fact, that made sense considering this nature. However, Hypnos attacks only worked to make Ryan even madder. He managed to fight like an enraged human until that point, but it seemed that would be no longer possible.

"HAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!" Ryan roared.

"Here it comes" Femradiel said.

Ryan flew toward Hypnos again, but this time he did so while he was using Dark Ice Breath. Hypnos tried to dispel the mana of the attack, and he actually succeeded to some extent. As it turned out, Hypnos failed at dispersing the attack because the attack had more than just mana. It had dark energy that Ryan's rage had given birth to.

Hypnos escaped before the Dark Ice could hit him, but in the end, even amidst his madness, Ryan grabbed that massive block of ice and then looked for Hypnos. Once he found it, he threw it at him after activating Perfect Aim. Femradiel assumed that Ryan wasn't there anymore, but whatever was controlling his body still made good use of his instincts and experience.

Hypnos tried to hit below one of the dark mountains, but he made a mistake when he assumed the dark ice wouldn't reach him. The projectile cut the dark mountain like butter and hit Hypnos that was hiding right in the middle. Although the dark ice was supposed to be pretty resilient, it started to crack after hitting the target.

"I guess even that has some level of durability," Femradiel said. "Since it is a massive concentration of energy, it can penetrate almost everything, but after a while"

Alissa nodded after hearing that a projectile like that would usually last for a lot more, but since Ryan threw it in his draconic form and with that power up, not even that could endure more than a single throw. Not to mention, Hypnos dispersed an excellent part of the energy used.

When Hypnos showed up again, his left arm was bleeding, and some miasma could be seen from the wounds. He didn't reach a critical level, but the damage was piling up at that rate. Femradiel could imagine Ryan winning. Still, her instincts were telling her that things wouldn't be so simple.

"Yeah, that is right this is how it should be," Hypnos said.

Ryan dashed toward Hypnos again, but then Hypnos used the same trick with space bending, but this time he punched so many times that in the end, Ryan was forced to stop while coughing blood. Hypnos didn't stop there. He kept punching until Ryan's neck was moving from one side to the other. At that moment, Femradiel and Alissa started to get worried, they were healing Ryan whenever possible, but he might break much sooner than imagined.

Much to their surprise, the miasma around Ryan's body began to act weird, and then it created a thick layer around Ryan's neck. That was weird since the area that was getting hit was the face, but that worked pretty well in the end. Ryan's head stopped moving, and then while ignoring the damage, he flew toward Hypnos again. However, for some reason, he didn't use Dark Ice Breath.

Femradiel tried to see things inside Ryan's mind, but she couldn't see anything aside from the darkness covering his spiritual form. Which was weird since, in that world, they were already in their spiritual form Regardless, when Hypnos realized that Ryan was suffering damage, but that wouldn't stop him, he moved away and stopped attacking.

"It seems he can't bend space like that while moving some concentration must be required to use that technique," Femradiel said.

While Hypnos was trying to gain some distance over Ryan without having to move so far away and unable to deal any damage, Ryan's speed suddenly increases, and he Hypnos with a Body Slam. Hypnos and even Ryan were caught off guard, probably because he wasn't used to using Haste and Heat Field at the same time. Regardless, that worked pretty well. Hypnos was sent flying in the distance and only stopped hitting the peak of a dark mountain. This time he quickly got up since Ryan didn't attack him with the corruption.

As if the madness controlling Ryan's body had noticed that, he created some Dark Ice Arrows around. Naturally, they were as big as Ryan himself. Hypnos tried to rebel against those with his magic and with his real arrows, but in the end, one of the arrows hit him.

"That is new" Femradiel said.

"Did I use any attack like that when I was, you know mad?" Alissa asked.

"Only the Dark Non-Elemental Breath," Femradiel replied.

It wouldn't be difficult for Hypnos to dodge the attacks. While they could easily pierce the dark mountains, he knew the entire environment, so he could hide much deeper than the arrows could pierce. Still, Hypnos was liking the fight, so running away every single time was boring, and that hurt his pride quite a lot.

When Ryan approached to finish the job, he suddenly was welcomed by a kick in the stomach. Instead of using tricks, Hypnos kicked him with his own leg. The entire area trembled with the impact, and Ryan's body bent toward the enemy, and soon after, he coughed blood. Even his mithril armor cracked a little after that attack.

Soon after, Hypnos slapped Ryan's face with his bow, and then the sound of the armor and scales cracking began to spread around the area. That wasn't good, the corruption, the mithril, the Frost Armor, and the scales were supposed to be protecting Ryan, but with every passing second, he was coughing more blood.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1