Chapter 818: Explanation

Chapter 818: Explanation

"Hey, Ryan?" Femradiel frowned when she suddenly saw Ryan collapsing.

Femradiel and the others quickly approached to check what was going on with Ryan, and then he noticed that he had one hell of a fever. Aside from that, his body seemed fine, but it was weird that he lost consciousness after sleeping for so many days straight.

"What happened? Why did he collapse?" Femradiel asked.

"... His spirit has become too powerful for his human body," Isis replied after she got closer and noticed Ryan's presence. "I heard that you three obtained a huge deal of power in the dragons world, but I didn't imagine it was this massive adding that to the power of Hypnos that he just obtained, his body is trying to adapt in order to withstand it."

"Will he be fine?" Mohammed asked.

"His body just needs to adjust to his new powers it might take a while, but he will be fine," Isis replied.

"How many days will he stay like this, isn't there anything we can do?" Femradiel asked.

"None," Isis replied. "I thought one problem was finally solved and then this happened still this might not be so bad."

"What do you mean by that?" Femradiel asked, visibly angry.

"I was planning to talk about this after a while since you three are exhausted, but I guess the situation has changed,'' Isis said. "While you were under Hypnos spell, the world changed a lot. No, even while you were on the other planet, things changed. Most of the elder gods can show up on Earth now, and thanks to Hypnos, they have massive armies under their control, that is because Hypnos spell only targeted humans."

Alissa and Femradiel looked at each other. That was some seriously bad news. Since all humans outside the domains fell to the spell, the monsters had the chance to gain territory and numbers, and those inside the domains couldn't do anything about it.

"For the time being, things are pretty calm, but once a single large scale battle breaks out, you can be sure that many elder gods and dungeon masters will use the chance to gain some edge over others," Isis said. "As someone who has defeated some elder gods and dungeon masters, Ryan will be targeted wherever he goes. So, perhaps this problem with his body isn't all bad news."

"I know that he wouldn't sit still knowing all this, but there is no way this is good news," Femradiel said.

"It is if you play your hands well," Isis said. "You obtained a part of Hypnos power, so you can create a world like he did, by using on Ryan, you will be able to communicate with him there. If you let him train his skills in such a world, his body and mind will get used to his new powers faster and he might even gain a huge deal of power as well."

That made sense, but even if Femradiel uses Soul Steal, she could only make that skill work for so long. Still, there was no other choice. As long as Void World levels up, Ryan will have the chance to return faster.

"I guess I will do that," Femradiel said.

"I wish I could help, but I will have to leave," Alissa said. "I have to look for my guys and then inform my allies in China about my return. I am sorry."

"Don't be," Femradiel said. "Thanks to you, we escaped that world and things are under control here. Besides, in his own weird way, Ryan would feel bad if he were to get in the way of your goals."

"My goals, huh" Alissa said and then looked through the window of that room. "I guess I won't be able to try to chase my goals so blindly as before. Thanks to this idiot I have friends and people who look up to me, so I can't mess things up more than I already did. I will stay nearby in case something happens and I will come to help."

"Thank you, Alissa," Femradiel smiled and then said.

"I don't really recommend you to leaving so soon, but I can't stop you," Isis said. "If I remember right, the people that Ryan referred to as your followers are in Canada fighting against the Ice Trolls and their dungeon master."

"Thank you but they are my soldiers, not my followers," Alissa said.

Things got quite busy after that, the people who stayed trapped inside the dream world didn't want to rest since they stayed unconscious for too many days, and after hearing the news, they felt like all that was a big waste of time. And after a while

"Eh? Where am I?" Ryan said.

Suddenly, Ryan felt himself standing in a completely white world. Since he wasn't feeling tired and he couldn't see anything, he imagined that he was in the beyond, but then he realized that his body was the same and he had clothes. Not to mention, he could access the system.

"Did someone use Hypnos power on me again?" Ryan frowned.

"Yeah, I did," Femradiel suddenly appeared and then said. "Everything went exactly as I had imagined and you fell for my trap. Now I am much stronger than before, and I have access to all of your powers and items! I am now completely invincible! HAHAHAHAHA!"

Ryan stared at Femradiel with a blank expression, she sure likes to fool around, and it wasn't that time that she tried to do that kind of prank. If Femradiel's acting weren't so horrible, maybe Ryan would fall for it.

"It didn't work again, huh?" Femradiel asked.

"Yeah, but you know what they say: the third time's a charm," Ryan said. "Anyway, what am I doing here?"

"Well, perhaps you should sit since this explanation might take a while," Femradiel said.

Ryan thought that it would take a while before he messes things up again, but it seemed that wasn't the case. In the end, Ryan sighed after hearing what happened and why he was there.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1