Chapter 827: Future

Chapter 827: Future

"How is he?" Isis asked when she suddenly entered the room where Ryan was resting.

"For the time being, he is okay," Femradiel said with her eyes closed as she watched the Void World. "But he is starting to run out of ideas of how to kill time. I guess this plan of yours is making time there pass faster by using more mana will only make a mess out of the things."

"You know him better than anyone, so you are probably correct," Isis said. "But you decided to take the risk anyway."

Femradiel couldn't even say otherwise because she assumed that probably helped Ryan become stronger faster. Until now, they survived by trying really hard, even when they faced Tyr and Hephaestus at the same time, but things were about to reach a whole new level on Earth. Femradiel and Isis couldn't imagine Ryan facing only one or two elder gods at a time now that he was fairly well-known among them.

"How did your friends react after you told them the news?" Isis asked.

"They aren't my friends, they are Ryan's even though he will never admit that," Femradiel said and then frowned. "The guys in Brazil and North America will be a huge help, as for the other group in America it is hard to say. Yahiko, and Natasha are going to do what they can, but Yahiko can't make his whole army leave his country and help those that might become enemies in the future. As for Natasha, she isn't the only leader there and the other two are two blockheads."

Things were looking pretty grim. The people that Isis could count were basically her people, Athena, Ryan, and Femradiel. Loki was just that difficult to trust, and he probably didn't want to look trustworthy to anyone. From his perspective, things would be more interesting that way.

For the time being, those three couldn't openly rebel against others because they would be targeted and treated as traitors. Loki could act like that because everyone knew the type of elder god he was. Things could be a bit different if they could lead all the survivors' camps in the world, but that wasn't going to happen.

"Anyway, are we going to face the demons in the South?" Femradiel asked. "If we want to delay their movements, we should do it as soon as possible. Unless I give some regular reports to Ryan, he will probably find a way to leave the Void World and join the fights and I don't want to lie to him."

"I know the demons are one week away from us, they won't attack until they obtain a base in the region," Isis said. "So, we should use all this free time to strengthen our soldiers."

Every day, Femradiel would make a group of twenty survivors go to the Void World, and thanks to the amount of mana Femradiel was using and considering the level of the skill, time was passing already five times faster in that world. So, even though Ryan wasn't helping them, Femradiel was using Skill Bestowal, and they were training some crazy skills on their own.

"Now that I think about it," Femradiel rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "Maybe we should make him accept the survivors as students. He can do at least that much, I am sure."

"Yes, you are probably right," Isis said and then laughed when she saw Femradiel rubbing her chin since it was the same way Ryan thinks seriously about certain things.

"Why are you laughing?" Femradiel asked while frowning.

"For no particular reason," Isis said.

Convincing Ryan of accepting students didn't take too long, fortunately. Femradiel used the dragon hearts she obtained from Yahiko, and thanks to it, his mood improved a lot.

"All right, I will do that," Ryan said after a long sigh. "I can't see how that will change anything since not a single one you sent was a true archer."

"Just show them some useful skills that can be highly effective against an army and that will be plenty," Femradiel said.

"Against an army, huh when the next fight is going to happen?" Ryan asked.

"Considering the flow of time here, perhaps forty days," Femradiel said. "Regardless, unless one of the demon generals shows up, you don't have any reason to join the fight."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. He didn't have to win all the battles by himself. After all, the world was going to be his alone. Still, he wanted to participate in the battles where all the demons were involved. He had a debt to pay and not only to Baal, Mephisto, and Lilith.

"Anyway, soon enough, I will capture a powerful monster and send it to this place to keep you entertained," Femradiel said before leaving. "So, help these guys as much as possible."

Ryan frowned when he heard that. It looked like Femradiel was implying that Ryan was a battle freak. While he did enjoy winning difficult fights, he didn't want to spend the rest of his life fighting or did he? Now that Ryan thought about it, he had no idea what he was going to do once all the enemies are defeated, and the human race has some peace again. What will happen then? Considering that all humans will have crazy powers, it was hard to imagine them creating a peaceful world. A good number of people will try to stand above others, and that doesn't matter. What did matter was the fact that Ryan had no idea of his goals after fighting against those that want to take over Earth?

"I guess this is as good a time as any to think about the future" Ryan said, and then he turned around to face the new survivors who were going to stay for a while in the Void World with him. "Before that let's get this over with."

Ryan registered the new people as his students and then proceeded to help them learn skills like Vampirism, Magic Vampirism, and Magic Bows. It took a while, but they eventually learned Ryan couldn't help but think if he should ask them for payment. After all, he made them save more than one hundred million coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1