Chapter 825: Warning

Chapter 825: Warning

While Ryan was trying to overcome his weakness, which was his inability to endure high amounts of damage, Femradiel decided to warn the people that they knew that things were about to become serious.

When Femradiel showed up at Rio de Janeiro, Gustavo and his friends couldn't help but raise their guard. They never saw Femradiel after she assumed her physical form, and her presence was powerful just like them, even though they couldn't feel a dragon inside her.

"Hey, it is just me, Femradiel," Femradiel said while she raised her arms. "There is no need to attack me, I just came to talk a little."

Gustavo, Bianca, and Fernanda frowned when they heard. While they knew that dragons had many powers, they didn't expect that they could assume human form. At least, the dragons inside them never said that they could do something like that. However, they did recognize her voice.

"Where is Ryan?" Gustavo asked. "Is the pact between you two still active?"

"Yeah, he is sick right now, do you want to meet him?" Femradiel asked.

Gustavo, Fernanda, and Bianca looked at each other. That didn't seem like a good idea since they didn't have much free time. Still, Femradiel easily put them to sleep and then summoned them to the Void World. Ryan couldn't help but frown when they appeared.

"What is this? A resort?" Ryan asked after he facepalmed. "Is Femradiel selling tickets in the real world?"

"What happened? Where are we?" Gustavo asked. "Are you really Ryan?"

"I know that I look out of place here, but there's no real reason to think that I am a fake," Ryan said.

In fact, Gustavo asked that because Furball was attacking Ryan, and he wasn't doing anything, not even trying to protect himself. As for the others that were there, they already got used to the scene.

"... I heard that you were sick, but I didn't think it was that kind of sickness," Gustavo said.

"Are you messing with me?" Ryan frowned. "I am sick, this is why I am in this place, a world where only my spiritual body exists Why doesn't Femradiel never explain anything?"

It took a while, but eventually, those three understood that Ryan was the real deal. It was for them to imagine going to another world facing several armies and then defeating Hephaestus, but once Ryan showed up with the mithril hammer, things easily solved themselves.

"What do you want now?" Hephaestus asked.

"Nothing, I am just showing proof of my trip to them," Ryan said. "Hephaestus is a bit grumpy. So, he doesn't talk all that much, Poseidon will curse us if I let him out, Thanatos will do the same thing. Do you want to talk with Hypnos?"

"No it is fine," Gustavo said. "Anyway are you getting better?"

"Only Femradiel can tell you that, I can check my condition outside this place," Ryan said. "Come to think of it, maybe one of you guys should stay here and spar with me, I am bored out of my mind. Time passes faster here, so you don't have to worry about it too much."

"I am going to pass," Gustavo said.

"I am grateful for the offer, but I believe it wouldn't be a spar," Bianca said.

"I am Sorry," Fernanda said.

"You guys are so boring" Ryan said and then sighed.

After that, Femradiel pulled those three out of the Void World. They had no idea how Femradiel could do that so easily, but in the end, they knew that she wasn't the enemy.

"That is the gist of the things," Femradiel said. "The next few days, many battles will start, so you will need to stay focused because a battle here might cause the start of another in Europe. You should help Lucas because he is the one in the most difficult position. Since you can communicate with him via Telepathy, I will rely on you to pass the news. Things are a lot more serious in Europe, so we might not be able to come and help in case something happens."

"I understand, but about Ryan's situation" Gustavo hesitated.

"... it has been two days since he is burning up and he only got a little better because he obtained a certain bloodline," Femradiel explained. "We don't know when he will be back, but I can't imagine him coming back in the next two weeks."

After hearing that, those two couldn't help but worry. Even if Ryan couldn't help them directly, it was evident that he impacts the several battles even while they happen far away from each other. Regardless, time was of the essence, so Femradiel left after saying that. One hour after talking with Gustavo and his friends, Femradiel showed up at the underground base, and she was already surrounded by the people there even though they were inside the domain barrier. Not only was her presence powerful, but the fact that no one aside from Mia knew her to put all the survivors on guard. Femradiel ignored all that and just waited for Mia to show up.

It has been a while since they saw each other, and Femradiel couldn't help but frown since Arthur was already at least eight years old looking at his eight. In any case, that wasn't really the issue there. Loud and in a clear tone, Femradiel explained to them the situation. Where the enemies were located, what their obvious move would be, and what they were planning to accomplish. Since they never left the country, they had no idea how bad the situation really was.

"If you are going to face the demons, you should hurry up and defeat them before they increase their armies even further," Femradiel said. "Just focus on the defense this time won't work since they can very well ignore this domain and focus on stabilizing their strength throughout the whole continent."

"Our people already are working on that, so you don't have to worry," Mia said. "Thank you for warning us and Ryan my regards."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1