Chapter 829: Celestial Bard

Chapter 829: Celestial Bard

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Celestial Bard!

The Celestial Bard class allows you to simultaneously attack enemies and support allies with heavenly fire skills.

You obtained the following skills: Ethereal Lyre, The Will of Music, and Entrancement.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ethereal Lyre.

Effect: Summons a magical lyre that, when strummed, will summon musical notes made of solar fire. The notes are fast and will pursue their targets. When an enemy is struck, they will take damage equal to your intelligence + dexterity + 150%, but when an ally is struck, they will gain a temporary bonus of 1% to a stat of the user's choice, per level

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: The Will of Music.

Effect: Playing any song on any instrument will provide any nearby allies with a 3% boost in a specified stat. The music will also decrease the statuses of the enemies by the same amount in a specified stat. Effect will last for 5 minutes

Cost: 800 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Entrancement.

Effect: Grants you the ability to put your enemy into a trance-like state for 20 seconds. If their willpower is less than yours, they will be unable to move or react

Cost: 2500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"Those are interesting skills, where did you get this class?" Ryan asked. "I bet that I can automate my attacks even more with this class."

"I found it when I was exploring the Atlantic," Femradiel replied while she was trying to avoid Ryan's eyes. "Anyway, how is your training going?"

" Belphegor is easy to keep on leash, I just have to threaten him a little saying that if he doesn't cooperate, I will tell Lucifer that he could have won if tried a bit harder," Ryan replied. "Anyway, you seem weird today."

"It must be your imagination," Femradiel forced a smile. "Well, I am leaving."

Before Ryan could say anything, Femradiel left. As expected, something happened, but it didn't seem bad per se. Otherwise, Femradiel would be depressed instead of just looking extremely uncomfortable.

"Enough resting, Belphegor," Ryan said. "Summon your sloth demons and make them explode near me again."

" Yes," Belphegor said while he was slowly getting up.

As soon as she returned, Femradiel checked Ryan's fever. She could tell that it had decreased. Still, his resistance training wasn't showing as much result as they expected Femradiel couldn't understand why that was happening to him. Many other humans gained power extremely fast, but she didn't hear of them getting sick like that because of it. The main example of that was Alissa and Yahiko. As soon as they obtained their powers, they were able to fight and defeat dragons a power-up like that was supposed to be more taxing to their bodies than Ryan's Perhaps it was due to the fact that he nearly doubled his dexterity while he was on the pendragon's world. Only someone insane would try to use so many status points in a single parameter.

Regardless, after she left that room, Femradiel looked for Isis, and she found her standing above the walls that were built to protect Cairo. She seemed lost in thought, probably because those walls wouldn't be of much use once the magic barrier falls.

"We are out of time, Femradiel," Isis said. "Things are proceeding faster than we imagined, and it seems the fight will start in five days. The demons noticed that they won't obtain much rewards if we are attacked from three sides, so they are planning to go all out. I know that you want to train to prepare for the battle against certain enemies, but you will need a certain power to buy Ryan enough time for him to recover and for our allies not to fall in droves."

"What kind of power?" Femradiel asked.

"The power to summon monsters freely Echidna's power," Isis replied.

"I thought she gave birth instead of summoning," Femradiel frowned.

"Originally, she did that," Isis nodded. "But eventually, she turned that characteristic and created a powerful relic that gives her the power to summon most types of monsters. It is very similar to how the dungeon system works. However, it is much more powerful, since she can control the power of all the monsters she summons freely."

"That kind of power wouldn't be more powerful in your hands?" Femradiel asked.

"No, much like Ryan, I am more of a single target and long-ranged fighter," Isis replied. "You think that I am wrong in saying that he is a single target fighter with his weapons, but trust me, he is much more effective fighting against a single target than many. Regardless, summoning spells isn't something I like to use or feel comfortable with. While you have and use only a few familiars, your magic powers make you a more suitable user for that power."

Femradiel doubted that, but considering the allies, she couldn't say that she was completely wrong. Athena was a melee fighter, Loki was a mage-type, but at the same time, he didn't stay in the backlines forever. However, something still was bothering her

"Will I be able to take her down and her minions in only four days while I keep the Void World active?" Femradiel asked.

"I honestly don't know, we can only hope that you will succeed," Isis replied. "You will find her on a certain island East of Africa. She has many monsters guarding her territory. So, you will be able to recover a lot of mana. Still, things might get messy, so you might want to prepare for a one-on-one fight pretty early on."

Femradiel nodded and then decided to check Ryan's spatial storage. While Ryan didn't have many things that would come in handy against Echidna, Femradiel took out certain things that would be useful in most types of situations.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1