Chapter 826: Worries

Chapter 826: Worries

Mia sounded weirdly calm compared to the last time Femradiel saw her. She accepted the harshness of the situation better than most people. Now that Femradiel thought about it, the people around her didn't even flinch when they heard that a massive battle was about to take place around the whole world.

"That makes me wonder if they believed in my words" Femradiel said.

Fortunately, Femradiel contacted Alissa, and she was already back with her soldiers, and she knew more or less how things were and how they should proceed. That was one less thing to worry about. As long as Alissa and Gustavo's group do their parts, the worst-case scenario can be avoided.

"Now I just have to contact Yahiko, pay for the dragon hearts he saved to Ryan and then contact that Russian girl," Femradiel said. "I am starting to get bored of this"

While Femradiel was complaining, Ryan was spinning in the air in the lotus position, he was already running out of ideas on how to pass the time in the Void World, and he just realized that letting Furball attack him for dozens of hours straight it was only working to make him feel even more impatient. Regardless, he was spinning in the air in order to make the blood flow better and then make his brain even better even though he was in his spiritual form, and that wasn't helping anything.

"What do I do with those 2 billion and half coins?" Ryan asked.

There were many options in the dungeon shop, but once again, Ryan had no idea which would help him most, considering his fighting style. His last big purchase, Word Magic, helped him a lot, but not as much as he had envisioned, probably because of the enemies he faced after that, he didn't know much about them. Thanks to that, he wanted a skill that would help him in all situations no matter what.

Gravity Manipulation tome

Effect: it grants you the power to control the effects of gravity on you and those in your field of vision. Each level makes you able to control gravity ten percent more compared to the last one.

Price: 2.000.000.000 coins.

The most obvious option was the Gravity manipulation tome. Ryan knew very well how annoying that spell could be. After thinking for a while, Ryan realized that his fighting style that relied mostly upon bows and crossbows was just too primitive it would be difficult to make it work with other advanced skills like the control of gravity. Despite that, the idea of abandoning his current fighting style never crossed his mind. The reasons were simple because he survived until now, putting into practice the knowledge he obtained from his father and because despite their crazy powers, the elder gods still used weapons that could be considered primitives. Maybe it was due to their own legends or for some other weird reason, but it didn't matter. They could show their true might using those weapons, and Ryan was planning to do the same.

Mana Magnetism Tome

Effect: it grants you the power to attract the mana of your surroundings and absorb it. You will be able to recover one hundred points of mana per second and per level.

Price: 2.500.000.000

"I guess this will do," Ryan said. "It would be awesome if this skill could restore health and stamina as well, but then it would be too overpowered."

As soon as Ryan learned the skill, he already put its effects into good use. He made Furball attack him again, and Ryan used Sapphire Arrows to recover his mana. Although it was boring, Ryan already could notice a difference thanks to the results of that training. Not only physically but mentally as well. Ryan could feel himself more patient since a lot of patience was necessary to endure that kind of training. Not to mention, the cold, the shock, and the burns weren't bothering him as much as before.

Although Ryan didn't complete the set of elemental resistances yet, he still decided to focus on that kind of training for as long as possible. He also made a mental note to find a way to obtain the last version of those skills since Elemental Absorption probably was the previous level.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Absorption has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Cold Absorption has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Wind Resistance has leveled up.

Ryan had decided to train his elemental skills until Femradiel showed up. Still, after almost fifty hours of non-stop training, he changed his mind since she was probably too busy alerting everyone. Still, with their speed, it shouldn't take more than ten hours to travel the whole globe, so that makes Ryan wonder: which level Void World already was he wanted to train his as well, but he couldn't while he was inside another.

"Let's take a break from this type of training, buddy," Ryan said. "Before I start liking it."

Ryan was missing the time where he could get classes pretty much every day, so he decided to check which classes were about to reach the max level. In a world like that, he had to do things like that to feel even a little bit of excitement. Much to Ryan's surprise, he had four classes pretty close to reaching that mark. Expert Archer and Necromancer were at level 95, while Demon Hunter and Demon Hunter were almost at level 90. Putting the necromancer class aside, the other three had some correlation, so Ryan assumed that he would gain another special class like Artemis' Disciple or William Tell's Apprentice. However, the idea of mixing Necromancer among those also seemed pretty interesting.

After thinking for a while, Ryan concluded that it would be wiser to sacrifice the Necromancer class with other magic classes. Perhaps he could obtain an even more interesting class if compared to necromancer that way. Ryan was missing some action, but if he focuses on training his strengths and his weaknesses at the same time, he will probably make time pass faster there.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1