Chapter 824: Apocalyptic Archer

Chapter 824: Apocalyptic Archer

Without moving his body, the only thing that Ryan could actually do was to use magic or train his skill with bows. Thanks to those few moments of absolute peace, Ryan noticed that something was off the classes: Artemis' Disciple, Frozen Spellcaster, and William Tell's Apprentice already reached level 99, but they were taking their time leveling up

"Based on my experience and on the things, I know, I should be able to make them level up even without fighting," Ryan muttered. "Still, maybe the rules are different since they are special classes."

Although Ryan considered that, deep down, he knew it couldn't be true. After all, he received classes that granted much more bonuses in attributes like the draconic classes and the ones he obtained after defeating the elder gods. Training Artemis' Disciple should be easy. Ryan just has to ask Femradiel to create a fake moon in that world Still, it was hard to know if the skill reached a level where she could do something like that.

Since he didn't have anything better to do, Ryan used his archery skills related to those classes for several hours. Even though the classes were still taking their time leveling up, others still were like Eagle Eyes and Concentration. After twenty or so hours doing that non-stop, he finally had some results.

Congratulations! The class, Artemis' Disciple, has reached the max level.

Congratulations! The class Sorcerer has reached the max level. Reach the max level with another class to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

"Now, I just need to level up Spell Caster Still, what class am I going to obtain by sacrificing those?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "This is getting kind of exciting."

That was going to be a real pain in the ass since Ryan didn't have any skill that increased the level-up speed of his magic-related skills. Still, it had to be done. Before continuing that, Ryan couldn't help but wonder for how long Femradiel was going to sleep he knew that time, in reality, was passing slower if compared to the Void World, but still something smells fishy.

"Are you sleeping, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

Ryan didn't hear an answer; still, he wasn't convinced. While her negotiating skills needed some work, her acting skills were pretty decent. Waking her up didn't seem like the right thing to do, but he would make a lot of noise while using the Spell Caster's class spells.

"What do you think, buddy?" Ryan asked. "Is he asleep or not? I bet your senses are better than mine. Raise your left paw if you think she is sleeping or raise your right if you think she is awake."

For some reason, Furball didn't do either maybe his senses were getting dull, or maybe he had muscles for the brain like Ryan. Still, that whole situation seemed even more fishier Furball usually obeys Ryan's commands, so why didn't he try anything?

"If you lick her face, we will know if she is awake, buddy," Ryan said. "Go on, show how much you love her."

For some odd reason, Furball reacted to Ryan's words this time, but then he stopped and gave up on licking Femradiel's face when she suddenly opened her eyes. He understood the message in the blink of an eye.

"You traitor," Femradiel said.

"I would say that he stayed right in the fence," Ryan said. "There is no point in procrastinating when you are not tired. Staying off pretending that you are sleeping, you should use this place to train. After all, it costs tons of mana to keep it up and to run.

Things got really noisy after that since Ryan cast Thunder Storm. The few survivors that were training there couldn't help but stop and see the lightning bolts falling in the distance like rain. They sure were impressed, and Ryan couldn't but imagine how they would react if he used Draconic Transformation and used the skill which would be ten times stronger

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Artemis' Disciple, Spell Caster, and William Tell's Apprentice? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Apocalyptic Archer. You learned the skills: Meteor Arrow, Fungus Arrow, and Twilight. Your intelligence and mana have increased and will increase by thirty points whenever this class level up. Your health, stamina, recovery, and willpower have increased and will increase by fifteen points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Meteor Arrow.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a powerful arrow that will hit the target near instantly. The farther the target is, the more damage you will cause, the increase in damage will increase by one percent per ten kilometers, and the level of the skill determines the bonus damage.

Cost: 5000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fungus Arrow.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire an arrow filled with a fungus that will devour the target's flesh and cause extra damage per second while the fungus is active.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Twilight.

Effect: It grants you extra damage while you fight without receiving any damage. The bonus will be equal to one percent per minute, and the maximum bonus is determined by the level of the skill, and it will reset after every battle and when any damage is suffered.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Not bad, not bad at all," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "This is one hell of a new class. Still, I guess I will have to return to my endurance training."

"Why? While the bonus in status isn't as impressive as the draconic classes, they sure are impressive," Femradiel said. "Not to mention, the skills"

"Yeah, but more ways of attacking won't help me recover faster," Ryan said. "Making my body and mind stronger probably will. Let's get going buddy. You will continue helping me here."

Femradiel once again confirmed that Ryan had muscles for the brain.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1