Chapter 830: Shura

Chapter 830: Shura

Femradiel was fully aware that Ryan would notice her absence, and unless she has a decent explanation, he will discover that she went to fight alone against a troublesome foe. Knowing Ryan, he would feel pretty pissed at being left behind, and then he would feel a bit depressed while he looked cute. From her weird perspective like that, she decided to look at a dungeon that would grant her another useful class. At the same time, she headed toward Echidna's base.

Fortunately, her luck was good. She found one dungeon in the Eastern side of Africa that had been recently cleaned. She only found a few hundred Cyclops guarding the place, and once she found the classes there, it made sense that people would often come to clear it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Shura, Poison Archer, and Arcanist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Shura!

You obtained the following skills: Heat Wave, Hell Thrust, and Health Gain.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heath Wave.

Effect: By concentrating all of your power, you can create a heatwave by attacking with a weapon or without one that will cause physical damage and magical fire damage.

Cost: 400 stamina

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hell Thrust.

Effect: It grants you the chance to land a critical hit on the opponent that will add the bleed status on the enemy for thirty seconds.

Cost: 500 stamina.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Health Gain.

Effect: When clearing dungeons, you have the opportunity to increase your health by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Nice... this one will be good enough to keep him from asking too many questions," Femradiel said. "Well then it is time to start the mission."

The sun had set a few hours ago when Femradiel found the island. Although she was using Mana Concealment, she could tell that all the monsters on the island were on guard. That was weird, she couldn't see any signs of battles, and she hadn't been found yet, so the monsters had no reason to be on guard.

Scylla  Lv Max

Health: 33.000/33.000

Mana: 75.000/75.000

Stamina: 9000/9000

Strength: 2500

Dexterity: 7600

Speed: 5500

Intelligence: 21.000

Endurance: 5600

Control: 12.000

Mentality: 7500

Luck: 5000

Recovery: 36.000

Offensive Physical Skills: Cold Whip Lv 560, Freezing Touch Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Intelligence Lv 750, Augmented Intelligence Lv 520, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 10

Spells: Water Creation Lv Max, Water Manipulation Lv 850, Water Transformation Lv 745, Water Cannon Lv Max, Cyclone Lv 880, Swim Lv 862

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 455, Fire Resistance Lv 335, Water Absorption Lv Max, Earth Resistance Lv 389, Electric Resistance Lv 395

The first type of monster Femradiel found was Scylla. According to from what she heard, Femradiel thought that Scylla was one of the creatures Echidna gave birth to. Still, it seemed she had no qualms in mass-producing copies of her own children. Still, considering the stories of how she treated some of the species that served her, it wasn't that surprising.

"I can't use Clairvoyance, otherwise, I will be found out," Femradiel muttered. "Before that happens, I need to decrease those numbers as much as possible."

Feramdiel summoned her familiar Drake and then made the creature run over water while she changed her location. It didn't take long for the Scylla to notice the creature, but they didn't have the chance to do anything. Drake dashed forward with lightning speed, and just the fact that the familiar passed a few meters away from them it had been enough to electrocute them. Those that were paralyzed got kicked in their heads, and with the power of two kicks, their heads exploded.

If Ryan had seen that, he would have frowned. It seemed that Femradiel's familiars got much stronger than he had imagined. That was probably truer for Furball, but Ryan couldn't notice it since he had been fighting some crazy enemies lately.

The other Scyllas tried to attack Drake. Still, the creature moved around with lightning speed. It kept zigzagging, electrocuting the enemies and then kicking their heads whenever possible. Eventually, so many enemies approached that Femradiel was forced to make the creature disappear. She could do that even from far away. It would be better if she could summon her familiars wherever she wants, but that would be a bit too much without relying on Teleport.

"I guess this might be enough to keep the monsters on their toes," Femradiel nodded to herself. "As long as I summon another familiar, Echidna will probably think that more than one enemy is trying to attack her."

If Femradiel had done what Ryan asked dozens of times, things would be a lot simpler: create a tyrant body. A creature like that would be able to take down dozens of Scylla's in a few moments, as long as it has been trained well enough. Still, it was a bit too late to ponder about that right now.

Femradiel summoned the Ice Phoenix and then made the creature fly as high as possible. Once that happened, she gave the order for the phoenix to bombard the monsters below freely. Unfortunately, the Scyllas quite the resistance against ice magic, so they took their time to die. On the other hand, their attacks couldn't reach the Ice Phoenix.

However, it seemed that the flow of the battle would change much sooner than Femradiel had predicted. She heard in the distance the sounds of countless wings flapping, and eventually, she saw an army of Chimeras flying toward the Ice Phoenix.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1