Chapter 828: Training

Chapter 828: Training

Once Ryan finished teaching everyone those skills, he asked them to use those against him. They would need a powerful target to make those skills level up faster, and Ryan could be that target. Ryan made some rapid-fire crossbows for them in order to make things proceed more quickly.

Congratulations! The skill Spiritual Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Spiritual Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

Ryan couldn't counter Vampirism directly, but he could decrease the effects of his variants. While he didn't face many enemies that could use those types of skills lately, he decided to level it up as much as possible. He and the other survivors trained that constantly for a while, but then when that group left, Ryan noticed that the next one didn't come. However, Femradiel showed up.

"Did something happen?" Ryan asked.

"Isis decided to position her soldiers a bit sooner than planned," Femradiel said.

"Should I feel worried about that?" Ryan asked. "What about the condition of my body?"

"No, it is fine. Your condition is improving, but you probably won't join us in the next battle." Femradiel replied. "We are relatively confident in our plans. Rather than that, I came to make some changes here. I had an idea to keep you occupied in this place. What about I partially free the elder gods in this world to fight with you."

" What?" Ryan frowned.

"While you can use your magic weapons here, they still exist outside," Femradiel said. "I can move their spirits to this world. To make sure that nothing suspicious will happen, I will seal a part of their mana pool."

"That is a pretty interesting idea, but their status still will grant them the chance to recover a lot of mana," Ryan said. "I still don't know the ins and outs of this technique, but I think it is kind of risky to give them this much freedom while we are about to have a difficult fight."

"I know, but we also think that if you become physically and mentally stronger faster, you will recover sooner as well," Femradiel said. "We might have ended up letting one of them escape, but it is a risk we will have to accept. Besides, we already defeated them once and not even those guys will be able to escape Isis's domain that easily."

"Hmm I suppose so," Ryan nodded. "Well, let's be careful and summon only one of them at a time. Belphegor should be fine for the time being, since he is lazy, he probably won't try to escape."

"Well, if you say so," Femradiel hesitated while frowning since she imagined Belphegor would be the most useless one to help Ryan train.

Femradiel disappeared, and after a few moments, Belphegor showed up. It worked faster than Ryan had imagined considering that Femradiel only knew the theory behind that kind of possibility.

"Aw, come one" Belphegor said with a dejected expression on his face.

"It is time to make yourself useful, Belphegor," Ryan said. "You don't have to fight if you don't have to, I already know that fighting someone lazy will be a pain in the ass. Still, you lay on the ground and use your magic on me. After that, you will summon your sloth demons to damage me."

"Well, I suppose this is better than nothing" Belphegor said and then sighed.

Belphegor was really depressing with his laziness. Still, he was probably the one who would make Ryan gain some status points faster than others. Before anything, Ryan asked him to use his magic to make Ryan feel the exhaustion of a full day in a single instant. When he did that, Ryan almost fell to the ground since that feeling of exhaustion had been intense Ryan thought that he had leveled up his Fatigue Resistance quite a bit. However, it still wasn't at the level where it would be useful against Belphegor.

Congratulations! The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

"Is that all?" Belphegor asked. "Can I return to the weapon now?"

"Of course not dumbass," Ryan said. "Let's see, you made me lose ninety percent of my stamina. I will use Draconic Transformation to make that more efficient."

----- -----

While Ryan was training. Femradiel decided to look for some dungeons and obtain some classes as well. While she was almost at his level in terms of statuses and skills, she felt that she was still behind in a far more fundamental level. Still, she couldn't pinpoint what that was Regardless, Femradiel also knew that things from that moment onwards will get more complicated, and while they defeated many elder gods, the other remaining that saw Ryan as an enemy would be even more dangerous. While she thought that Ryan could fight and win against most of them, Femradiel knew that Ryan couldn't face some enemies because Ryan wasn't compatible with their skills.

"The dungeon Isis mentioned must be around here," Femradiel said while she was teleporting around the Atlantic Ocean.

Eventually, Femradiel frowned at a certain island that had an underwater dungeon nearby. Thanks to that, the island was crawling with two types of monsters: Mermen and Mermaids. While they weren't that strong, their numbers and their skills were something else. In any case, Femradiel flew towards it and then fired Ice Spears and completely destroyed dozens of Mermaids every single instance she only attacked them.

"Ryan will laugh at me so hard if he discovers this" Femradiel said while holding her face due to embarrassment. "Whatever Let's hurry up and finish this. I don't have much time to train."

Congratulations! The skill Charm Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Charm Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Charm Resistance has leveled up.

Once Femradiel killed all the Mermaids on the island, she let the Merman use their magic on her. While that made her feel weird, she easily solved the problem by using Purification. That was a weird type of training indeed

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1