Chapter 822: Strategy

Chapter 822: Strategy

Femradiel looked at the map and then nodded. All the elder gods from Greek Mythology were located around there, and the Norse Elder gods will attack much sooner than later. Once that happens, the demons in Northern Asia and in the Southern part of Africa will move to take advantage of the situation All in all, the Greek gods will be attacked by three forces.

"The Greek gods won't ask for help, even though they could fight alongside the angels since they are equally in a difficult situation," Isis said. "Is that right, Athena?"

"That is right," Athena nodded.

"Considering all that, our best option is to halt the advance of the demons on the South and the Norse gods on the North," Isis said. "If we succeed in doing that, then we can avoid the worst-case scenario."

"How can we do that?" Femradiel asked.

"I planned this meeting so that I could hear your opinions on the matter. To tell you the truth, I don't know how we can stop those two armies," Isis said.

"How about we make your draconic friends in South America receive the same boost in power that you did in the dragons' world?" Loki asked while looking at Femradiel. "With that power, they can stop the demons' generals by themselves. Without Lilith, Baal, and Mephisto to back them up, Beelzebub and Belial won't risk facing so many elder gods."

It was the first time that Femradiel had heard the name of the remaining demon generals, but that wasn't the important part right now. While that seemed the best course of action, it seemed too risky.

"We can't afford to try that, it will take too long, and those five might suffer from the same problem Ryan is facing right now," Femradiel said. "If that were to happen, the situation will only get even more chaotic."

"Speaking of which, when are we going to negotiate about Belphegor's domain?" Loki asked.

"Once, I am sure that you won't cause problems for the pendragons," Femradiel said. "They are our allies now, and until we are one hundred percent sure that you aren't a threat for them, there won't be any negotiations."

"Relax, little missy, I am just interested in the mithril," Loki said. "You should trust more on your allies."

"You can talk about that later," Isis said. "What do you think we should do here, Loki? Athena is fairly knowledgeable regarding tactics, but things look troublesome even from her perspective. How do you think we should proceed?"

"Just let the battle begin and focus on defense," Loki said.

"What is the point of focusing on defense when we already are at a disadvantage?" Isis asked.

"You treat war like just some child's game," Loki said. "You don't have what it takes to make some sacrifices, and you try to avoid the worst-case scenario, but you still can't see how that can be useful to you."

"Enlighten me," Isis said.

"If the Norse gods decide to start an all-out war against the Greek gods, they will show their backs to the domain that I acquired," Loki said.

"The domain that we acquired," Femradiel corrected him.

"That is just a minor detail right now," Loki said. "Anyway, they will show their backs to me. Even though they don't know yet who is the dungeon master of that domain, they only know that Ryan defeated the previous one. Once they expose their backs, I will attack, and then you guys can join the fray as well to eliminate their armies in a single swoop."

Isis agreed that was a good plan, but it probably was something that Athena thought but couldn't consider since it relied on trusting Loki. Although he made it sound simple, Isis and Athena will have to focus most of their forces on trying to hold the enemies back while Loki destroys them from behind. If he were to betray them, Isis and Athena's people would see themselves in a very difficult position.

"That was why I also wanted Belphegor's domain because even if they don't become our allies, we can help the angels destroy the Northern armies with a somewhat pincer attack," Loki said.

Femradiel also could see that Belphegor's domain had some tactical value. Still, it was hard to tell if he really wanted that domain to help or just to become even more resourceful. Of all the possible enemies, the one that Femradiel considered the most annoying was Loki since it could tell his end goal.

"What do you want to give in exchange for that domain?" Femradiel asked.

"Aside from my promise that I won't harm your friends?" Loki asked.

"Maybe we should sell it to someone else" Femradiel said.

"Geez, why does no one here know how to take a joke?" Loki shrugged. "How about some Asgardian Blood? If he obtains that, he might recover faster since it will grant a real boost on his divinity level."

"If you can help Ryan like that, then" Isis said.

"Hold your horses," Loki said. "Just like he can't give the domain for free even though that might help us in the long run, I also can't make a human join our ranks like that," Loki said. "We are a warrior race, and we are direct descendants from the primordial gods. That isn't something a human should become that easily."

Loki was as annoying as he was persuasive. After saying that, no one could refute his words. Besides, that probably was one of the worst things he could do to annoy the other elder gods from Norse mythology. Still, it was weird that someone like him obtained that kind of item what were the chances that someone working for him would obtain that kind of drop?"

" All right then," Femradiel said. "We will give you the domain, but only after Ryan wakes up. He is the current owner, so only he can pass you the rights over the domain."

"That is not a problem. Even unconscious, he can pass the rights to me," Loki said. "You just have to teleport him there."

Annoying and persuasive indeed

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1