Chapter 823: Asgardians Blood

Chapter 823: Asgardians Blood

"So, he wants Belphegor's domain in exchange for a single bottle of blood?" Ryan asked when Femradiel explained what happened during the meeting.

Isis asked Femradiel to keep a secret for the time being the parts that might make Ryan return no matter what, but she ignored that. She couldn't keep secrets from Ryan. Besides, she knew that he wasn't stupid or insane not all that much, at least.

"Yeah, what do you think?" Femradiel asked.

"I think that you need to improve your negotiation skills," Ryan said. "I mean, for how long do you guys think I need to rest here?"

"We have no idea. You are still burning up," Femradiel said. "Seriously, water is evaporating from your head despite the fact that I cast a spell to make the room as cold as possible without bothering anyone."

It seemed that Ryan didn't understand his situation completely. He thought that he would be back on his feet in a week or so. He didn't have any idea how serious his situation was since he never got really sick before.

"Well, let's just hope that will work," Ryan said. "If that doesn't work, we will have to search for the god of medicines or the god of herbs does Isis know people who have that title?"

"I don't think so" Femradiel frowned.

In the end, Femradiel teleported Ryan to the domain in just a few minutes, and much to her surprise, she found Loki waiting for them there. Although the barrier was filled with mana, they knew it wasn't unbreachable still, Loki probably used other methods to enter.

"Wow, he looks really bad," Loki said. "Can I talk with him there?"

"What for?" Femradiel asked.

"I don't like to do business in an indirect way," Loki said. "Besides, it has been a while, and I want to see him in person."

Although that seemed suspicious, Femradiel decided to summon Loki in the Void World. Ryan wasn't the type to lower his guard, so if Loki were to show his true colors, that would be the perfect moment to deal with him. Ryan still was letting Furball hit him with magic attacks when Loki appeared. Weirdly enough, both of them frowned when they saw each other.

"What are you doing here?" Ryan asked.

"Why is everyone so cold towards me?" Loki asked.

"Are you messing with me?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"Relax, I was just joking," Loki said. "I see it seems that despite everything, you haven't changed all that much. Interesting.

Ryan frowned again. He knew that Loki was weird and suspicious, but it seemed that his weirdness was only increasing lately. It seemed that Loki could see things that most people couldn't.

"I came to confirm that you are fine with the terms of our agreement," Loki said.

"Yes, I am," Ryan said. "I wasn't planning to tell you this since it is pretty much obvious, but I can't let this chance go. Don't betray us, Loki, not even just to amuse yourself. If you cause problems to those that I consider my allies, and they get hurt thanks to it, I won't think twice about attacking you with all I have. I might lose in the end, and right now, I think that I will probably lose, but I won't go down without making you regret deeply."

"Why aren't you confident in your victory?" Loki asked. "I mean, you have the record of defeating tough elder gods."

"Just a gut feeling," Ryan said.

"I see" Loki said. "Well then, I'd better get going. I need to prepare many things."

Once Loki disappeared, Ryan couldn't help but wonder why he felt like Loki would be hard to kill. He sure was different from the other elder gods he faced, but he didn't look anywhere dangerous if compared to them. Maybe that was the fact that bothered him the most.

Congratulations! You obtained and absorbed Asgardians blood.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Supernatural Healing.

Effect: It grants you the power to heal wounds, mend bones and recover from most types of damage much faster than before. This skill also passively increases your recovery by one hundred points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Superhuman Mentality.

Effect: It grants you the power to receive minor damage from all types of magical attacks. This skill also passively increases your mentality by one hundred points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Superhuman Endurance.

Effect: It grants you the power to receive minor damage from all types of physical attacks. This skill also passively increases your endurance by one hundred points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

The skills seemed more straightforward than Ryan imagined considering that he received by obtaining the DNA of a special race of warriors. Still, even in his spiritual form, he felt much better than before if anything, it seems they received the real deal from Loki. That being said, Ryan couldn't help but worry that Femradiel made him drink the blood like that without informing him first. After a while, Femradiel appeared and informed Ryan that they were back in Egypt already.

"Your fever decreased a little," Femradiel said. "How do you feel?"

"Pretty good, actually," Ryan said. "Since I am bored here, I am letting Furball train my endurance. Perhaps I will recover faster than before. Since all the issues this time are due to my weak body and weak spirit."

"Well, that is good then" Femradiel said. "If you don't mind, I am going to rest here for a while."

After saying that, Femradiel sat down and then laid her back against Ryan's back. That was right, she was much as exhausted as Ryan before, but she still was working hard in the real world. She was so exhausted that Ryan noticed that she quickly fell asleep.

"Let's do something else, for the time being, buddy," Ryan said to Furball. "She deserves this rest, and we don't want to wake her up."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1