Chapter 839: Celestial Archer

Chapter 839: Celestial Archer

Now that Femradiel could summon all kinds of monsters, Ryan could take his training to the next step, but then when they tried that, they discovered that all the souls trapped inside the sphere disappeared when Echidna was defeated. It seems that once the owner of the item changes, they have to collect new souls.

"I will return later, once I capture a good number of monsters," Femradiel said.

She left before changing Belphegor for another one, but then Belphegor disappeared, and Poseidon showed up. As if he had gained the chance that he had been looked for, Poseidon began to laugh maniacally.

"Finally, finally!" Poseidon said.

"Finally what?" Ryan asked. "Can you do anything without your trident?"

"You will see!" Poseidon said and then dashed toward Ryan.

Poseidon was still faster than Ryan. When he kicked him, Poseidon felt the bones of his right leg cracking. As if that wasn't weird enough, Ryan only moved away a few meters.

"I guess that speed still is a problem" Ryan muttered.

To solve that problem, Ryan summoned his Immobilizing Crossbow and fired at Poseidon. The Greek god tried to dodge those, but their speed was higher than he had anticipated. He got hit by several of them, and every time he got hit, a wound appeared in his body, and his speed decreased.

"What?" Poseidon asked in shock.

"It seems that Femradiel decreased the level of your divinity," Ryan said. "That will make things a little more boring, but that is acceptable."

Poseidon used his magic and tried to drown Ryan with the ocean, but while the attack made him move away quite a bit, Ryan still could move against it which was unexpected. Poseidon knew that Ryan gained a huge deal of power in the dragon's world, but he didn't think it was that much. Essentially, now he could fight and cause more damage than the time he defeated him in his draconic form.

"Can you attack using more ice magic? I kind of want to train my resistances right now," Ryan said. "Belphegor already helped with the skills related to pain, after all."

Poseidon clenched his teeth in anger to think that the enemy would see him just as a tool to make himself stronger that was so humiliating that he wished to kill Ryan in the most painful way possible while ignoring everyone else.

Instead of listening to him, Poseidon tried to attack with his fists and kicks. While the damage was piling up and his wasn't increasing all that much. It was only because Ryan only wanted to keep their speeds equal.

"This is a pain you are causing even more trouble than Belphegor," Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan considered giving the trident back to Poseidon. He won't be able to escape unless he defeats Femradiel, after all, and she basically could do anything to him in that world. The chances of him winning were basically null However, Ryan decided not to do that. Instead of being nice, he will make Poseidon cooperate by using brute strength.

Since their speeds were equal now, Ryan could see his movements. When Poseidon charged in a straight line and tried to punch him with his right fist, Ryan raised his left elbow and blocked the attack. Ryan suffered quite a bit of damage, but Poseidon's expression changed quite a bit. A few bones of his hand broke since he punched the elbow, but he quickly recovered from the damage by using magic.

"I guess this isn't so bad either," Ryan said.

It wasn't his style to fight like that, but Ryan decided to attack Poseidon only when he was about to attack him, and he also only aimed at his legs and fists. At first, he got hit several times, even when he kept his guard up, but eventually, he got used to Poseidon's patterns. After all, he was a spear user, not a bare-handed fighter.

---- ----

After asking Isis the best monsters to train one's elemental resistances and the locations of their dungeons, Femradiel went on another trip. She had already imagined that training with the elder gods wouldn't be easy, even without letting them use their divinity. Regardless, Femradiel wished that she could have trapped Cerberus' soul. It was hard to find a monster that wasn't a dragon but was that powerful.

While the monsters Femradiel wanted were under the enemies' control, she still found some good ones in other parts of the world. While she was doing that, she even found that it granted her a class they didn't see before.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Celestial Knight, Celestial Archer, and Celestial Priest.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Celestial Archer!

The Celestial Archer class allows you to rain down fiery death from above from a mighty distance. Effects provide an enhanced burning effect with a holy slight impact.

You obtained the following skills: Amber Arrow, Sun's Wrath, and Ricochet.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Amber Arrow.

Effect: Summons an arrow made from pure amber. This arrow cannot be enchanted but contains a moderate amount of divinity.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sun's Wrath.

Effect: Summons a rain of fire from the sky covering a massive area. Damage will be equal to your intelligence + 50 % per level

Cost: 5000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ricochet.

Effect: Upon a projectile striking a target, there will be a 0.5% chance that the arrow will bounce off to target another nearby enemy. The activation chance will increase by 0.5% per level.

Cost: 500 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Another Celestial class I need to talk with Isis about this," Femradiel frowned.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1