Chapter 832: Realization

Chapter 832: Realization

Cerberus frowned when Femradiel's presence suddenly changed. Her presence suddenly looked a lot more like the elder gods than before. Since he was a right-handed man of Echidna, he naturally knew that some humans had defeated some of the elder gods. Still, he didn't imagine that made them change so much. As if that wasn't weird enough, Cerberus suddenly saw water bolts appearing right in front of his eyes and then being fired.

He jumped backward to escape those, but even he had hard dodging attacks that could appear too close to him. While he was trying to adjust to that, Cerberus was hit by some other bolts coming from above, and he noticed his speed decreasing.

"So, it is like that" Cerberus furrowed his eyes.

Cerberus closed his eyes and then decided to trust his instincts. Even if the attacks were aiming for his eyes, he had confidence in his endurance. Cerberus dashed toward Femradiel again, but much to his surprise, she didn't try to dodge. She only punched him in the chin. Cerberus heard the sound of her right fist cracking. Still, Cerberus also saw the world spinning When he closed his eyes, Femradiel prepared a concentrated punch. Although she didn't look like one, she actually could fight without relying on weapons.

"No wonder you surprised me" Cerberus said after he recovered from the damage and used Absolute Appraisal.

For Cerberus, he thought that was just another fight against another rat. He had done that dozens of times, so he didn't feel the need to use Femradiel's statuses. However, he finally noticed that this fight wouldn't be like the others when he used it. Femradiel was the first human that he had to fight that had some skills at the max level, after all.

Cerberus increased the output of his magic and began to fire his spells while using Fire Breath as well. The ground of the island was slowly darkening due to the power of his flames, and the vegetation was burning down at a fearsome pace. The beauty of the place was quickly disappearing, but Cerberus couldn't afford to let the invader approach his mother.

Femradiel kept moving backward like there was no tomorrow. The power of the flames was starting to make her sweat like crazy. Even though she had been working to increase his resistance against her weakness, it wasn't something that a monster of the level of Cerberus had to worry about that.

Regardless, while Femradiel dodged the Fire Spears, she kept attacking his eyes. Even when she couldn't see him, she still attacked. Thanks to her magical powers, it didn't take long before she could see Cerberus' face covered in blood. His eyelids had been damaged after getting hit so many times with the power of the Vengeful Sea. This crossbow had a high level of divinity.

For the first time in a long while, Cerberus stopped attacking and then couldn't help but think that maybe, just maybe, he was screwed even if he keeps attacking like that and keeps relying on his defenses, he eventually will start to suffer critical damage after critical damage when those water bolts hit his eyes. Although he couldn't see Femradiel, he knew that his attacks didn't cause any real damage aside from some small burns, and he was absolutely certain that ice magic wouldn't help either.

"What is wrong, Cerberus?" Echidna's voice echoed through the area. "Are you afraid of losing again?"

Even Femradiel couldn't help but frown after hearing that voice. She looked pretty amused, considering that her best minion was being defeated by a single weapon used by the enemy.

"My apologies, mother," Cerberus said and then sharpened his resolve. "I will definitely kill her and protect your territory."

Echidna didn't say anything. At least she could try to rally a little one of her children, but it seems that she deemed that it wasn't necessary. Cerberus clenched his teeth and focused all his mana into his fangs. His canines began to shine, emitting a purple glow. Once that happened, he dashed toward Femradiel without caring about a counterattack. His speed increased exponentially, and Femradiel only noticed that when she got hit by the first attack. Trying to dodge without relying on Teleport was too dangerous

Femradiel's arm got hit by the purple claws, and she lost the sense of touch coming from it. Her body rolled on the ground after the impact, but even before she could stop, Cerberus dashed again. A mithril hammer fell over him and hit his head when he was only half a meter away from Femradiel. Cerberus lost control over his charge and then rolled on the ground as well. Fortunately, that gave Femradiel the chance to teleport and escape the impact.

"I have been with Ryan for too long I am starting to copy his fighting style and even the way he is always getting beaten down," Femradiel shook his head and then said it.

Femradiel got up and then grabbed the hammer before Cerberus could recover from the attack. Although she did it only once, the attack stored some energy into it, and she used to attack Cerberus's head again. This time, she felt his skull cracking, but Cerberus still tried to bite her despite that.

Somehow, Femradiel reacted on time and then smashed Cerberus' face with the hammer. She was even surprised that he reacted on time, but then she realized that Sloth Aura's problem helped her with that. After getting his jaw and skull damaged like that, Cerberus finally lost consciousness. Still, in the end, Femradiel didn't feel any happy with it. She was trying to make her arms move again. Still, after using Purification dozens of times, it didn't improve even a single bit. Not to mention, she wasn't receiving any information from the system informing her of what kind of attack was preventing her from using her right arm.

"This is what Ryan learns in most battles there is no point in trying to hide your cards only to suffer this much damage," Femradiel said after a long sigh.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1