Chapter 840: Preparation

Chapter 840: Preparation

Femradiel had planned to let Ryan fight the copies of the monsters she had captured first, but she changed the order of things when she saw Ryan and Poseidon punching each other. While that was weird in many eyes, she decided not to think about why they weren't using any weapons. Poseidon sure could create a trident out of ice, after all.

When Femradiel found Isis, she was having another meeting with Athena and Loki. As usual, the women looked worried, and Loki was relaxed as ever. Perhaps not even the world would make him feel uncomfortable. Maybe, he would even laugh if the solar system is destroyed due to a supernova.

"What is wrong, Femradiel?" Isis asked. "Did something happen?"

"I could ask the same thing but I came to ask if you know anything about those Celestial classes," Femradiel replied. "They still are at the level of the tier three classes, but the skills they granted are way above that level."

"We heard of that some dungeons have been granting those skills," Isis said. "I can't find any explanation, though. I heard that some classes even grant skills that have divine energy. That doesn't make any sense considering what we know all that we know is the fact that they have been appearing in the last month."

"Is it a coincidence? Or is the system preparing normal people to fight other beings that have divine energy?" Femradiel asked.

"I don't know," Isis shook her head.

Femradiel looked toward Athena and Loki, and they looked like they didn't have any clue either. That was unexpected in many ways, but it wasn't like she expected that they would have all the answers.

"Now about the reason for this meeting it seems that the word about Echidna's defeat spread and our enemies decided to hurry up before he can use that power," Isis said. "The demons will probably attack us tomorrow. They will attack from the East and South."

"The Norse gods are pretty close as well, in two days they might join the party," Loki said.

"Athena won't be able to move since she and the other Greek gods are supposed to wait for the enemies in East and North," Isis said. "So, we will have to face the demons by ourselves."

"What about the other Egyptian deities, can't you count on them?" Femradiel asked.

"No. Aside from Seth and me, the others can't face so many enemies," Isis replied. "In fact, most of them don't see any reason to find their places back on Earth. They are pretty comfortable in their new worlds."

"Well, then we will just have to defeat them with what we have," Femradiel said.

"What about Ryan's condition?" Loki asked.

"It has improved if he keeps growing spiritually stronger, perhaps in three days he will be able to fight without any issues," Femradiel replied.

"Three days I guess he will miss all the fun," Loki said and then scratched the back of his head. "Well, I am still confident in this plan, but what are the next steps once we manage to defeat the demons and some of the Norse gods? Are you going to stab Zeus in the back, Athena?"

"Don't spout nonsense, Loki," Isis said. "We agreed to work together, but that doesn't mean that she has to do that. I will face Zeus when the time comes."

"That will be quite something to see still, he has many allies, how are you going to do that?" Loki asked.

"I can do some of the dirty work too" Athena said. "I can deal with Ares and Hades."

"At the same time? Wow, your confidence always inspires me, Athena." Loki smiled. "Anyway, if you guys are going to do that, then do it fast because aside from me, everyone else in Asgard are pretty much hot-blooded idiots. Once they see their armies not making any progress. They will come to fight. Naturally, I will deal with Thor, but as for the others"

Loki really had a big mouth with just a few words. He made everyone have terrible headaches. A large escape battle was about to take place, they had to deal with dozens of deities and several demons, and they had to do it as fast as possible. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to win and avoid problems down the road. They had to defeat close to twenty elder gods in just three or four days.

"You should focus on getting several types of monsters that might be useful tactically speaking, Femradiel. Since they will be important to decrease the enemies' numbers." Isis said. "You can leave the other things to us. Here are the places where you can find some interesting monsters."

"All right, thanks," Femradiel said.

Femradiel left in a hurry, but she checked things with Ryan again. Although one week was supposed to have passed in the Void World, those two were still trying to kill each other vigorously. While that was a good method of training, what Ryan really needed was to increase his resistance. So, Femradiel made Poseidon disappear and then summoned several copies of Thunder Birds, King Trolls, Red T-rexes, and Mechanical giants.

"Hey what the hell" Ryan frowned since he didn't recognize those monsters.

"Sorry, Ryan," Femradiel suddenly appeared. "We don't have much time left, so you will have to train all of your elemental resistances at the same time. Ah, before I forget, here are the skills of the classes I gained recently."

Femradiel used Skill Bestowal and then disappeared. Ryan had many things to say, but it looked like he won't have time to do so. The monsters began to attack him with their elemental attacks, and probably because Femradiel increased their intelligence, the attacks began to make him sweat cold.

"Whatever, I just have to endure this for a few days," Ryan said and then activated Regeneration.

Soon enough, Ryan learned that it wouldn't be enough. Even in the Void World, his clothes and hair began to burn and turned into charcoal in the blink of an eye. Ryan used Full-Heal many times in just a few moments, but he only found some peace when the monsters ran out of mana.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1