Chapter 834: Giant Crows

Chapter 834: Giant Crows

When Femradiel touched the crystal, she saw herself in another tropical land. However, it was day and she saw herself surrounded by thousands of monsters. She could even feel ten presences around that were equally as powerful as Cerberus in fact, the presences were weirdly similar.

Femradiel used Absolute Zero before any of the monsters could do anything. Still, even though she turned hundreds of monsters into ice sculptures, it didn't change anything. As if the monsters could communicate with one another, they created a fire tornado right where Femradiel was. The combination of the power of so many monsters made Femradiel feel like all the water on her body was evaporating.

Even without looking toward it, Femradiel Teleported to above, only to see himself surrounded by thousands of Steel Eagles. The monster's fire Steel Spears toward Femradiel, and she is forced to create an ice sphere around her.

"I guess this confirms that she was confident in her skills" Femradiel muttered.

Before the ice sphere could be destroyed, Femradiel created a double-edged spear and then made it spin. She made the sphere disappear, and then he chased the weapon while it was flying toward the eagles.

You obtained 777 coins.

You obtained 777 coins.

You obtained 777 coins.

The monsters were killed so fast that it seemed that it was raining blood, but even so, Femradiel couldn't see an end to the number of monsters. In fact, she couldn't even see the sky. While she was flying and trying to force a way out of the prison made of numerous monsters, Femradiel looked around and saw many kinds of monsters on the ground. She even saw ten copies of Cerberus. No wonder Isis wanted that power on her side.

Femradiel suddenly noticed the presence of the eagles changing. In a moment, she was surrounded by steel eagles, but in the next, she was surrounded by red Falcons ready to burn her alive with Fire Breath. Once the creatures opened their mouths, Femradiel was engulfed by the flames, and she became unable to see anything around her. The world had become a world of red and fire. Even her ice spear melted in the blink of an eye. When Femradiel felt the smell of her own sweat evaporating, she decided that it was time to change her tactics

Femradiel summoned Poseidon's Trident and then made it spin with her own hands. Once it reached a certain speed, it became able to dissipate the flames, and then Femradiel dashed toward the monsters again. The flames of the monsters were unable to cause any damage to it, and as if it wasn't enough, Femradiel began to recover a massive amount of mana since she was hitting the same enemies several times in a row. Femradiel and Ryan never noticed that before, but it seemed that making the weapon spin by themselves was much more effective.

Femradiel used Soul Eater to store all the extra mana, but even though she did that for quite a while, there was no sign of Echidna doing anything. In fact, Femradiel didn't find any sign of her

"What is she plotting." Femradiel thought.

Following simple logic, one would conclude that Echidna was trying to make Femradiel show all of her skills and weapons, but that would take a while. Besides, was the world so big that he would be able to stay away from Femradiel while she moves and kill monsters like that?

"If Ryan were here, he probably would taunt Echidna in order to make her show up," Femradiel muttered. "A simple tactic, but highly effective on muscle heads and people who had too much pride, but this isn't my style"

Femradiel tried to find Echidna's presence since that was her style. Still, even hundreds of kilometers away, she could only feel the presence of monsters in all directions. While Femradiel was thinking of what to do, the presence of the Red Falcons began to change. Until they turned into Giant Crows that was a species of monsters she had never seen before.

Giant Crows  Lv Max

Health: 44.763 /44.793

Mana: 79.000 /79.000

Stamina: 46.000 /46.000

Strength: 3500

Dexterity: 11.000

Speed: 4.365

Intelligence: 7112

Endurance: 4.400

Control: 8.770

Mentality: 4563

Luck: 6.655

Recovery: 20.000

Willpower: 5452

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Steal Peak Lv 840, Paralyzing Bite Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv Max, Improved Speed Lv 445, Improved Recovery Lv 320

Spells: Dark Sphere Lv Max, Gravity Lv 855

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 630, Cold Resistance Lv 550, Electric Resistance Lv 320

When she saw those statuses and skills, Femradiel couldn't help but feel shivers. The creatures looked at her, and then her body suddenly began to get heavier.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up.

Femradiel tried to resist, but she couldn't do much since the number of monsters was insane, and they focused on using only that skill. Femradiel began to fall, and then she realized that was only half of the problem. Below her, she saw thousands of giants armed with steel clubs ready to smash her.

"I get it I get it," Femradiel said and then sighed. "This wouldn't be happening if I had a familiar like a tyrant dragon."

It wouldn't solve the problem, but Femradiel used Teleport and appeared on the ground. Despite that, she still hit the ground and made the entire area tremble as her bones cracked just like the land. However, before the giants could attack her, Femradiel endured the pain and used Absolute Zero three times in a row. The first two attacks turned the monsters into ice statues, but the third killed them for good. However, Femradiel hadn't time to celebrate because she could barely move a finger with the extra gravity, and hundreds of other giants were running toward her.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1