Chapter 836: Reason

Chapter 836: Reason

Femradiel clenched her teeth and tried to muster all her strength. However, she failed in moving a single inch. As crazy as that sounded, Echidna's control over gravity was even stronger compared to thousands of giant crows.

If moving wasn't an option, she decided to finish Echidna with a single attack. Without hesitation, Femradiel used a Draconic Bow. Although Echidna was caught off guard when such a massive bow appeared right in front of her and fired an arrow of mana, Femradiel immediately noticed that she hadn't killed the target. The explosion made the entire world tremble and even made Femradiel fly backward despite the effects of the gravity.

When she stopped moving, Femradiel noticed that both spells that had been used against her had been deactivated. It was time to recover her mana as much as possible, but then some lightning bolts fell from the sky and hit her. The first completely paralyzed Femradiel, but she recovered enough mana to use Teleport and escape the second.

"Phew that was a pretty nasty skill as well," Echidna said while she was touching a mana shield in front of her. "Ah you destroyed a good part of my world. I really liked this one, you know."

When the dust dissipated, Femradiel saw that a small portion of land behind Echidna was intact. Still, everything else in a range of thirty kilometers had been completely destroyed. The power behind that attack wasn't something to laugh at

"Not even that, huh" Femradiel bit her lips in annoyance.

If not even Draconic Bow was strong enough to destroy that Mana Shield, then perhaps Femradiel will have to put aside and use Soul Eater to cheat. Using that weapon, he would recover his mana pretty fast. However, Femradiel soon noticed that something was weird Echidna's presence didn't grow weaker, even though she was supposed to have used a lot of mana blocking her attack. Either she used a lot of potions in a way Femradiel couldn't see, or

"You have a Soul Eater" Femradiel said.

"Good guess" Echidna said. "Well, I suppose anyone with half of a brain would discover sooner or later."

Femradiel couldn't agree more. It was only obvious. After all, how else Echidna would be able to summon and make disappear so many enemies at the same time. Not to mention, even if his greatest attribute was mana, Femradiel couldn't imagine using less than a few million mana points to make a copy of Cerberus. While that was a crazy amount of mana, it was impressive. After all, to recreate her previous body, Femradiel would need ten billion mana points.

"If you know about Soul Eater, I can only assume that you have one as well. Still Do you think you have more mana stored than me?" Echidna smiled from ear to ear. "Also, anyone with half of a brain would realize one or two simple ways to cheat with that weapon and my powers."

Once again, Femradiel was left biting her lips in exasperation. Since the monsters she could summon were pretty strong and real monsters, she could always use them to store mana inside her Soul Eater. So, in the end, the more monsters she has, the more she can summon No wonder it seemed that Femradiel killed tens of thousands of monsters, but their numbers never decreased.

"Are you ready to give up?" Echidna asked.

"Nope," Femradiel replied.

"I respect your spirit, but you are wasting your time here," Echidna said.

It was logical that Femradiel was completely against the wall. However, despite that, she smiled confidently. It seemed that she still had a trick up her sleeve, but Echidna assumed that she was just bluffing. After all, she had to fight against countless enemies, and they had all kinds of strategies against her, but none worked.

Femradiel summoned magic copies of the Spiritualist's crossbow and then attacked the Mana Shield. At the same time, she began to hit it as well. However, it was clear as the day that her attacks were ineffective.

Femradiel's attacks seemed weird, but Echidna could see what she was planning. She was trying to recover her mana while she uses that crossbow alongside Magic Vampirism. Even if Echidna let that happen, it would take weeks for Femradiel to steal all his stored mana. However, she wasn't planning on letting that happen.

Even while behind the Mana Shield, Echidna managed to fire a massive burst of wind toward Femradiel. That made her fly for hundreds of meters. Still, why attack like that when the combination of Gravity and sunlight prison still was good enough? Femradiel ignored that and just recovered from the attack.

"Hmm? Something seems weird" Echidna said.

Echidna felt that something changed when Femradiel was thrown away, but she couldn't pinpoint what it was. Regardless, she didn't have much time to think because Femradiel attacked again. This time she threw the massive shuriken he made a while ago, but even while it was spinning at fearsome speed, the Mana Shield didn't break.

After letting out a sigh, in the end, Femradiel only bluffed before. She pointed her index finger toward Femradiel and used Thunder Beam. Still, then Femradiel disappeared and reappeared right behind Echidna and with her Soul Eater already in her hands. At first, Echidna didn't think of anything. Attacking from whatever direction was useless as long as she uses Mana Shield. Still, then she felt the surroundings changing and getting more grayish. Echidna didn't recognize that magic immediately, but after a while, she noticed that time was passing faster inside that gray sphere if compared to outside.

As soon as she focused her eyes on Femradiel again. She saw her pointing her sword upward, and then a shadow was cast above them. In the next moments, dozens of Ice Meteors fell around the gray sphere, but Echidna couldn't see the meaning of that. Time magic was useless since she also has a certain level of divinity, and ice magic wasn't even hitting her. However, eventually, she noticed all the ice covering the grey sphere in the end, Femradiel was just preparing the stage of the real fight.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1