Chapter 833: Victory

Chapter 833: Victory

Three-headed Crossbow (Heroic)

Effect: It grants you the power to fire three types of bolts that will cause fire damage as well as decrease the enemy's recovery exponentially, that will also cause ice damage and will decrease the enemy's speed exponentially, or that will poison them and cause agonizing pain over a long period of time. Each shot will cost one thousand points of mana.

Dexterity + 2000, Speed + 1000, Intelligence + 500, Recovery + 500

Durability: 1200/1200

"Dear me even on an instinctual level, I am copying Ryan," Femradiel furrower her eyebrows. "I am not him, I don't have a fixation on bows and crossbows, so why did I make one without even thinking?"

Putting that aside, Femradiel had a job to finish. However, she soon noticed that something wasn't right her familiars returned to her because the monsters in the area suddenly disappeared. It wasn't like Echidna had a shortage of monsters to summon, so why make all of them retreat?

"I imagined that she would summon other copies of Cerberus once she realized that one wouldn't be enough, but" Femradiel furrowed her eyebrows. "I suppose this work well enough for me, still I don't like it."

Femradiel would have more time to do her job, and that would give her allies plenty of time to formulate a better strategy with Echidna's power. However, that feeling was one of the things that were bothering her the most Since it still was night, Femradiel decided to move forward slowly in order to avoid traps and ambushes. While she had confidence in her senses to avoid that, the enemy was someone that could make copies of that Cerberus. She certainly wasn't someone to take lightly.

Although the place was supposed to look like a tropical paradise during the day, the island's interior looked like a demonic forest at night. Fortunately, Femradiel didn't fear imaginary things. The only illusions that worked on her were the ones cast by powerful mages or monsters.

If she were in a hurry, Feramdiel could have found Echidna's base in the blink of an eye, but since the movement of her left arm still hadn't returned. She decided to just walk, and that was beginning to annoy her. She wasn't exactly patient, after all.

After a couple of hours, Femradiel eventually found a dungeon in the center of the island. However, she couldn't find any trace of monsters inside or around. It seemed that not only could Echidna summon monsters of many levels of strength, but she also could make them return to her world.

"She probably isn't confident in her abilities since she didn't make a base in this world there is not even a domain here" Feramdiel frowned.

From another point of view, one could think that Echidna was confident enough and didn't think that she needed one. Femradiel considered that, but she dismissed the idea and considered that kind of thought as just another thing that she had 'inherited' from Ryan. He was a little bit paranoid, after all. Not like he didn't have any reason not to be

According to Isis, that dungeon spawned Lamias, but Femradiel didn't find a single sign of them when she entered. Now that she thought about it, aside from a few signs near the coast of the island, there wasn't a single sign of battles near the dungeon. Most likely, Echidna had the chance to create a massive army during a whole year, and yet those creatures were nowhere to be seen.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Trapsmith, and Illusionist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Trapsmith!

You obtained the following skills: Bear Trap, Spear Trap, and Chain Trap.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bear Trap.

Effect: It grants you the power to bend iron and turn it into a bear trap. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity, and it will cause extra two percent damage per second for three seconds.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spear Trap.

Effect: It grants you the power to bend iron and turn it into a special trap. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity, and it will cause extra two percent damage per second for three seconds.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Chain Trap.

Effect: It grants you the power to bend iron and turn it into a special trap. The trap won't cause damage, but the value of your dexterity will determine the durability of the trap.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"I guess this is better than nothing AAAAARRRGGGHHHHH!" Femradiel shouted in embarrassment. "I am even copying the kind of thing he would say in this type of situation!"

Femradiel made a mental note to get rid of those mannerisms. Maybe it was fine that she could act like that when she was alone, but it would be really embarrassing if she acts like that in front of others. She wasn't aware that something like that was fine since she tried to play to cold beauty that rarely speaks when she was with Ryan. That was a mannerism that she had since the times she was an ice dragon.

Femradiel stared at the purple crystal for a while before touching it. The reason for that was that she was planning how to deal with Echidna as fast as possible. That being said, she could only think of one way of doing that considering the situation using her best attack as soon as she finds her.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1