Chapter 835: Combination

Chapter 835: Combination

Before the giants could get too close, Femradiel summoned the Petrification Crossbow magic copies and attacked them. At first, the enemies managed to protect themselves with their clubs, but the closer they got, they became less able to react on time. Not to mention, even their steel weapons petrified after a while. Some of the enemies dropped their weapons as they turned into statues, and that gave Femradiel another idea.

After grabbing the steel clubs, Femradiel bet them into they became piles of deformed steel and put several of them together. Once Femradiel had enough, she used Rapid Production to turn all that steel into a single weapon a massive shuriken.

Once that was finished, Femradiel teleported all that to the sky and then made it spin around. The dark crows had powerful magic, but their durability sucked. They were killed in droves and were unable to resist. As for the Giants, the Petrification Crossbows had been more than enough to deal with them.

"Argh this is so boring," Echidna's voice echoed in the area.

Femradiel couldn't care less about that. She wasn't fighting to entertain anyone, after all. Still, she began to wonder that perhaps she should have done that. The presence of those ten Cerberus suddenly appeared around, and Femradiel also noticed them getting closer. If they were coming from the same direction, dealing with them would be easy, but that wasn't the case.

After letting out a long sigh, Femradiel equipped Soul Eater, and then she drained some of the mana stored. When all the Cerberus finally was about to attack her at the same time, Femradiel raised her arms and then pointed toward them. The monsters suddenly stopped moving while they were trembling from head to toe. Their faces turned blue and then purple as they slowly were pulled toward Femradiel. When they were close enough, all the water in their bodies began to leave through her pores Femradiel never tried that before, but she was glad that theory was correct. The more mana she uses, the more control over the water around her will have. She noticed that when Ryan fought against Poseidon's kids. They didn't use the water of the ocean to stop him. They use the water on his body, but stopping his movements was the best they could do.

Regardless, before monsters could actually die, Femradiel used their spirits to upgrade the Three-headed crossbow. That weapon will certainly be more useful for all types of monsters after getting that much improvement. However, before Femradiel could attack the monsters, all of them suddenly disappeared.

"I guess this is enough," Echidna said and then suddenly appeared in front of Femradiel.

Maybe it was a coincidence, but Echidna looked like Lamia, which was much more humanoid than it should be. Aside from her lower body, which was exactly like a Lamia, and her canines that were pretty sharp and long, she looked like an ordinary redhead woman who used some plants as clothing.

"Hello, I am Echidna," Echidna smiled before she sat on the ground and then laid on it while holding her head with her left hand. "I am also known as the mother of monsters, who might you be?"

"... Femradiel," Femradiel replied.

Echidna

Class: ???/???/???

Race: --

Rank: --

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: ???

Status: ???

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Femradiel trained Absolute Appraisal much more than Ryan, and yet, she received that when she tried to see Echidna status. Although she couldn't see the exact numbers, Femradiel could feel that the woman was in trouble. She wasn't as fearsome as Poseidon and Thanatos, and yet Femradiel felt like she was much more troublesome.

"What is wrong?" Echidna asked. "I thought that you came to steal my powers or are you going to ask nicely after making such a scene?"

"I can feel that you are powerful So why are you here doing nothing?" Femradiel asked. "Many other beings like you are about to fight to obtain control over Earth if you don't care about that, why did you create a dungeon?"

"Well, how can I say this I am playing a bigger game," Echidna replied. "While those stupid beings that calls themselves elder gods fight each other and decrease their strength, I am getting stronger and building an army. In fact, my army could take the whole world, don't you agree?"

"Oh yeah, I agree," Femradiel said. "Still, to think that you know about the bigger game"

"... What? Do you know what I am talking about?" Echidna asked, visibly surprised.

"Let's say that I have a good idea I just recalled something," Femradiel replied.

"I highly doubt that, if that were the case, you wouldn't waste your time with the small fries," Echidna said.

"Normally, I would do that, but someone I care for doesn't want to see this world being destroyed," Femradiel explained. "So, I decided to take the difficult path. Not to worry, I am preparing myself to return to those four."

Echidna opened her eyes widely. It seemed that Femradiel really knew what she was talking about and yet, here she was wasting time instead of preparing to fight the true enemies.

"I guess this is going to be more interesting, you will fight to obtain my power and I will fight to see what you know," Echidna said. "If my guess is right, your knowledge will be truly useful."

Instead of assuming a fighting position, Echidna just pointed her right hand toward Femradiel, and then the whole area around her began to heat up. Femradiel tried to free herself by using an Ice sphere, but the heat was even inside it.

Defending wasn't a good idea, so Femradiel decided to attack. She charged and tried to punch Echidna, but suddenly her body grew heavier, and she lost all her speed.

"It is a pretty nasty combination, right?" Echidna asked. "This is the power of Gravity and Sunlight Prison level max."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1