Chapter 843: True Intentions

Chapter 843: True intentions

Although Femradiel, her Mechanical Giants, and the Ghost Army of Isis slowed down the enemies for quite a while, eventually, they reached Cairo, and the humans of the place began to fight alongside the monsters that were summoned by Isis. Not as impressive as the Ghost Army, the inhabitants of Cairo fired their magic projectiles and made fire, ice, and lightning rain over the demons. They had prepared themselves for the battle for the last few weeks, so they have plenty of potions to use. Thanks to that, the world seemed to be ending right where the demons with all that many spells falling over them.

Despite all that, the demons were slowly approaching the city. At that rate, they will eventually attack the barrier of the domain and cause massive damage with their numbers.

"Perhaps that is her goal all along" Femradiel clenched her teeth in annoyance while she was flying around the enemies, slicing them to bits with Thanatos Scythe and draining the enemies' mana with Soul Eater. "I don't like to use this kind of thing, but it can't be helped."

Femradiel pointed her arms to the demon's army, and then dozens of corpses began to get up in the next moment. Femradiel used Summon Zombie one of the few spells that she had absolutely aversion to. For some reason, the demons felt pretty eager to crush the undead creatures, even though they themselves also seemed like undead monsters with their flayed bodies covered in blood.

"This won't be enough, let's see in this angle, I should be able to recover plenty of mana," Femradiel said and then teleported to a point where not a single one of her allies were fighting in front of her.

Without any hesitation, Femradiel used the Draconic Bow. The massive arrow of energy turned into dust hundreds of enemies and even made the desert tremble. Allies and demons were forced to stop their flight thanks to that. In the end, Femradiel recovered only seventy percent of the mana she used. However, she was fine with that because she succeeded in wiping out all the demons that were approaching the barrier.

"I will coordinate with my people to retreat to inside the barrier in certain points when the demons get too close," Isis said via Telepathy. "Once they do that, you will have space to wipe out the monsters."

"Leave it to me," Femradiel said.

Femradiel had thought about using that tactic, but in the end, Isis talked first. Still, that saved her a lot of time. Femradiel used that tactic whenever it was necessary, but mainly, she focused on feeding Soul Eater and collecting souls to her Soul Armor by using Thanatos Scythe. Although the Mechanical Giants were slowly decreasing, the flow of the battle continued like that for several hours. Isis' side suffered some losses, but the barrier didn't suffer any damage. Now they just had to endure that for a few days It was easier said than done, but they didn't have any other option.

Suddenly, Femradiel felt a powerful presence a few kilometers above the battlefield. She also felt a high level of corruption it seemed that Lilith finally showed up. Femradiel used Clairvoyance and then saw a tall and muscular woman with two horses and black armor, raising her arms upward. In the next moment, a sphere of dark energy appeared above her. Femradiel felt shivers because that sphere wasn't the type that causes debuff. It was the type that wipes everything in a large area.

Lilith

Class: ???/???/???

Race: --

Rank: --

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Femradiel warned Isis, but then she quickly Teleported to attack Lilith. Then the demon frowned, but she decided to attack even though it was incomplete. That sphere of dark energy was thrown toward Femradiel, and she created an ice shield to block the attack. Naturally, the shield began to fall into pieces, but before that could really happen, Femradiel repaired it. As if she had imagined that Femradiel would succeed in blocking the attack, Lilith fired another one, and the small sphere made the bigger explode.

When the explosion and smoke disappeared, Femradiel was found by the demon completely unscathed thanks to the mithril armor that she quickly equipped.

"Not bad," Lilith said. "Are you the dragon that works for that human? Where is he Anyway? I was kind of looking forward to seeing how strong he got. I want to confirm that he indeed defeated Belphegor and those others."

"I don't work for him, I work with him," Femradiel replied. "If you want to face him, you will have to defeat me first."

"I was planning to do that anyway," Lilith said, and then she drew her great sword. "I can't have you killing my demons."

Femradiel wasn't used to fighting one on one with a scythe, but she decided to use it because it was durable enough. However, she didn't let go of Soul Eater. When Lilith prepared to charge, suddenly, an ice meteor fell, and she was forced to block the attack with her sword. In the next moment, Femradiel swung her scythe toward Lilith's neck, but she reacted in time to fly backward. However, she didn't notice that Soul Eater had disappeared from Femradiel's hands. In the next moment, Lilith felt something draining his mana from behind. She tried to grab the weapon, but then it disappeared and reappeared in Femradiel's hands.

"Already relying on tricks?" Lilith asked. "I guess your fighting style is pretty boring."

"Whatever you say," Femradiel shrugged.

Lilith clicked her tongue and then Teleported and appeared right in front of Femradiel. She swung her sword with all her might. The sound of her strike cutting the air made the area vibrate, but it didn't even scratch Femradiel. The very moment she felt Lilith preparing an attack, she teleported as well. Still

"That sword and her speed are trouble" Femradiel muttered. "Her fighting style is pretty straightforward, but"

It didn't seem like Lilith used much mana to fight, so stealing hers wouldn't make the fight easier. However, Femradiel didn't want her mana to make the fight easier...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1