Chapter 847: Realization

Chapter 847: Realization

"It seems you succeeded," Isis said when Femradiel returned to the wall. "I must say, I am really impressed. You defeated Echidna and Lilith much faster than I think I could do."

"Don't sell yourself short," Femradiel said.

"No I mean it," Isis said. "You impressed me so much that I am starting to get worried that the fight seemed too easy for you."

"It wasn't easy. She broke my bones several times," Femradiel said. "What do you think of this, Lilith? Isis thinks that you didn't cause me enough trouble."

" Shut up," Lilith said.

"Well, don't be so grumpy. You won't be alone in the spatial storage," Femradiel said. "You will have plenty of times to talk with Belphegor."

"That is just one more reason to escape once I have the chance," Lilith said.

"Really, I thought the demon of lust and sloth would get along pretty well," Femradiel said. "Come to think of it, perhaps you have a better affinity with the demon of gluttony."

"Anyway I can see that you reached your goals," Isis interrupted her. "Can I assume that obtaining her powers is part of your plan?"

"You think I am going to use this on Ryan?" Femradiel frowned.

"You know that the entire city is in my domain, right?" Isis frowned as well. "I can see everything that happens inside it. I also can see what you do with his body while you still didn't commit any crimes, you are almost there."

"I have no idea what you are talking about" Femradiel looked away nervously while she said that. "Still, keep quiet about this in order for Ryan not to have any misunderstandings."

"I am sure he will come to his own conclusions once he hears that you were so eager to fight Lilith alone," Isis smiled. "Regardless the demons seem a bit weaker now that Lilith has been defeated. We have a lot of work ahead of ourselves, but I guess we succeed in the first part of our plan."

Femradiel nodded and then teleported toward the middle of the enemies. While she didn't like the idea of brainwashing even demons, it would be faster if she uses some of them to cause havoc in the middle of the army.

----- -----

While Feramdiel and the people of Cairo were fighting off the demons' army. Ryan was counting the seconds to receive his next special class. Since his job now was basically to let the monsters beat the crap out of him, time inside the Void World passed even slower than before. So, he was really itching to see something new happening. He needed that kind of thing to distract himself, or he might go nuts.

Congratulations! The class Crusader has reached the max level

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Templar, Guard, and Crusader? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Hero. You learned the skills: Hero's Path, Extreme Shield, and Health Boost. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hero's Path.

Effect: It grants you a different speed of learning and training melee-related skills by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Extreme Shield.

Effect: By activating this skill, you can exponentially increase your endurance, mentality, and willpower by fifty points per level.

Cost: 300 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Health Bonus.

Effect: When clearing dungeons, you have the opportunity to increase your health by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Hmm it isn't as impressive as the others, but" Ryan frowned. "Still, I guess this will make things here more interesting."

Ryan activated Extreme Shield without wasting any time to make those assholes of monsters have a more challenging time. However, even they got a bit stronger during those days, so it would take a while before Extreme Shield actually can help Ryan.

At some point, Ryan got bored of even leveling up the new skills that he just got. After all, he has been doing that the whole time he had been in the Void World, and from his perspective, close to three monsters had passed there even though he knew that less than three weeks had passed in reality. At some point, Ryan decided to check his spatial storage and see what kind of weapon Femradiel would be using this time, but none were missing. In fact, there were two new ones a bow and a sword and the sword he recognized.

"Lilith's sword" Ryan frowned. "Femradiel defeated her alone?"

Demonic Bloody Sword (Cursed)

Effect: it curses the enemy upon contact, and it can repair itself when bathed in the blood of your enemies.

Strength + 3000, Endurance + 3000

Durability: 2000/2000

"If this is her sword, then this bow is" Ryan muttered.

"This is quite the interesting place," Lilith suddenly said. "I knew you would always be a small fry, but I didn't think that you were this much of a coward. Hiding here and letting your allies do all the fighting for you."

"Lilith" Ryan said with disgust in his voice.

Ryan assumed that he still was stronger than Femradiel, but perhaps he will have to change his mind about that. While he defeated some elder gods alone, he still knew that he was supposed to be weaker than them. Not to mention, in some way or another, he had relief on Femradiel to defeat them.

Ryan thought that he had gotten stronger in the Void World, but it looked like he was getting behind others. As expected, getting stronger by training wasn't his best way method. He had to put himself at risk in order to gain true power. Still, he couldn't do that while he was in the Void World, so the only thing he could do was to wait patiently

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1