Chapter 842: Reptilian Champion

Chapter 842: Reptilian Champion

Twenty kilometers away from Cairo and in the middle of the desert that the demons were crossing, Femradiel created a massive army of Mechanical Giants. Their numbers were close to forty thousand. If Femradiel used the mana stored in Soul Eater, she could have produced more, but that was more than enough for the time being.

Mechanical Giants Lv 650  75.000 coins or 750.000 mana

Health: 115.000/ 115.000

Mana: 15.500/15.500

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 12.000 (+ 3000)

Dexterity: 1000

Speed: 1000

Intelligence: 1500

Endurance: 16.000 (+ 4000)

Control: 2000

Mentality: 6500 (+ 400)

Luck: 100

Recovery: 25.000

Willpower: 6500 (+ 400)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Slice Tornado Lv 800

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv Max, Bronze Skin Lv 850, Steel Skin Lv 560

Spells:

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 650, Fire Resistance Lv 750, Earth Resistance Lv 480

Mechanical Giants were basically ordinary giants, but half of their bodies were made of metal as if they were androids. Although they were slow, they were pretty durable and could cause a lot of damage while they spin around the enemies since, in the place of their arms, they had two chainsaw-like things. The only problem of using them was the fact that they wouldn't cause any damage to flying enemies, but Femradiel was planning to solve that herself.

The demons' army began to attack them with long-ranged attacks, but they barely caused any damage since they had high elemental resistances and were protecting their non-metal parts with their metallic arms. Aside from a few losses that didn't even reach the three-digit mark, the Mechanical Giants reached the demon's army and began to spin around and cut the weaker ones in pieces. Femradiel nodded as she saw her mana increasing, and naturally, she transferred all that to the Soul Eater.

"I guess I should get going," Femradiel said. "I will have to deal with those flying enemies."

"Wait," Isis said and then closed her eyes.

Femradiel had no idea what Isis was thinking, but time certainly wasn't something they could afford to lose right. However, she quickly realized that Isis was conjuring something. Suddenly, in the middle of the desert, an army of warriors appeared. Although they seemed light-armored, they didn't seem weak. When the demons finally entered their range, the soldiers fired arrows and spears toward them, and then a massive rain of projectiles fell on the flying demons and monsters. They were killed in droves, thousands of corpses fell with each passing moment, but eventually, as if they were a mirage, they disappeared when they ran out of projectiles.

"What was that?" Femradiel frowned.

"My royal guard, even though they died a long time ago, I can still summon their spirits with some preparation," Isis explained. "It costs some mana, but their attacks are the real deal. Well, you can go now, if you buy us enough time, I can summon them and help without having to fight per se."

" I will see what I can do," Femradiel said.

That was a pretty weird skill Regardless, it was time for Femradiel to kill some demons millions of them. Perhaps she will have the chance to gather enough mana to create a tyrant familiar before Lilith appears and then use the creature to wipe out the demons. Although the familiar will need some time to level up, that was the perfect chance for that.

Although she wanted that, Femradiel still decided to use bait to lure Lilith. The sooner she disappears, the easier things will be for the whole group, after all. So, she summoned Thanatos' Scythe and then teleported to right in the middle of the demons' army. As if she was the god of death herself, Femradiel swung around the spear, and every time she did it, dozens of demons were cut into pieces.

----- -----

Back in the Void World, Ryan was enduring the training where he basically just have to accept being hit without doing anything. He knew that it was for him to wake up sooner, but sometimes, he had an incredible urge to kill those fucking monsters. In one of those times, he actually opened his spatial storage to grab a weapon, but then he calmed down when he realized that Thanatos' Scythe wasn't there.

"It already started, huh" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Just when Ryan stopped to imagine how things were outside, the Thunder Birds made dozens of lightning bolts fall on him at the same time. If he didn't know any better, he would say that Femradiel summoned and actually gave the order for them to kill him.

"Fucking birds when this is over, you will become my dinner!" Ryan shouted.

Although that was only obvious, Ryan realized that he had come a long way since one year ago Now, he could get hit by multiple lightning bolts and keep standing. He knew that it was partly due to the power he received in the Pendragons' world, but he worked for that too, so he knew that he deserved his powers.

In any case, Ryan couldn't tell if his body was itchy due to the lightning bolts or if it was due to his wish to wake up and join the fight. That was another thing that he could barely understand the constant urge to fight and defeat monsters.

As if the creature was trying to tell him that he didn't have time to be lost in touch, a king troll tried to split Ryan's head with its massive ice club. Ryan managed to block the attack with his hands, but he could feel his bones cracking. As much as he might train to become sturdier, he could tell that taking damage would never be his forte.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to become a Reptilian Champion. The effects of the skills Passive Recovery, Lesser Poisonous Enchantment, Incomplete Reptilian Transformation have doubled.

Well, it looked like Ryan could find another way to increase his endurance without having to suffer like that for months

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1