Chapter 846: Lady Of Lust

Chapter 846: Lady of Lust

Femradiel's expression broke into one of pain as she was spinning in the air. She knew that things wouldn't be easy against a demon general and alone, but things were being more complicated than she had planned. Thanks to Soul Eater, she managed to survive this long since she was constantly in need of mana, but on the other hand. Lilith didn't do anything to recover mana, and her sword certainly wasn't a weapon that could restore her mana just by attacking Lilith had an infinite supply of mana, thanks to her power as the demon of lust. The more she thinks about her lord Lucifer, the more mana she can generate for herself It was quite an interesting power, but it was kind of useless on a pure-breed warrior like her.

Regardless, Lilith decided to finish Femradiel off before she could stop moving. She flew in a straight line and prepared a big swing, but at the last moment, when she was just a few meters away from Femradiel, she was hit by Draconic Bow.

This time, it had been Lilith's turn to receive massive damage. She didn't have time to block since she prepared a big swing. In the end, her Dark Armor protected her from losing her head, but the impact and the explosion that happened made most of her Dark Armor disappear. As if she had been waiting for that, Femradiel used Draconic Bow. Lilith opened her eyes widely since she wasn't supposed to recover her mana that fast, even with Soul Eater on her side. This time, Lilith blocked the attack with her sword enchanted by darkness, but she still suffered some damage. Her original armor began to crack, and then Femradiel disappeared even while she was spinning.

Lilith knew what was going to happen, and yet, she didn't have the chance to react on time. Sloth Aura slowed her reaction and movement speed, and Acceleration made Femradiel faster. Without giving an opportunity for Lilith to recover, Femradiel attacked her back with Soul Eater. Usually, causing damage with that weapon was impossible, but not if the user casts an elemental enchantment on it Femradiel learned that when she attacked Lilith's back for the first time. As if that wasn't good enough, the sword still could steal mana. However, even that had certain demerits Femradiel only caused damage superficially since it would be weird if the sword inside the enemy could cause physical damage while it steals their mana.

The electric Enchantment paralyzed Lilith for a few moments, and that had been just enough for Femradiel to use Draconic Bow again. This time, Lilith didn't have the chance to defend herself. That had been basically Femradiel's strategy, put a doubt in the opponent's mind and then attack with everything once the opponent thinks that the doubt is irrelevant. That worked incredibly well to prevent Lilith from recovering her mana. After all, she couldn't have lustful thoughts while he was getting hit by a massive attack after falling for a trap she couldn't understand or could she?

After getting hit from behind, Lilith felt like her body was falling into pieces. The pain was almost unbearable. If Draconic Bow had some level of divinity, she probably wouldn't have survived getting hit at point-blank range from behind. However, she stopped moving and then planned to heal herself, but then she saw Femradiel smirking, something seemed wrong about that then Lilith realized that she was almost reaching the outer space and pretty much everything was covered in the darkness behind her before she could understand the meaning of that, Lilith was hit by a massive barrage of Lunar Arrows. As if that wasn't enough, Femradiel used Draconic Bow again, and Lilith was attacked from two different directions without having the chance to protect herself from either.

Things went almost as exactly Femradiel had planned, but she didn't plan to get hurt like that. Regardless, she felt relieved when she saw Lilith's body falling. She even had let go of her sword, so it was evident that she was unconscious. Just to make sure that nothing dangerous might happen, Femradiel used Soul Eater enchanted with electricity to paralyze her. After that, she used a Seal a couple of times on her.

You obtained 2.658.992 coins.

Long Mithril Bow of the Excitement. (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: It passively increases all of your statuses by ten points per minute when fighting against the same opponent. This weapon causes ten percent more damage against demon generals.

Dexterity + 2800, Intelligence + 1000, Speed + 1000

Durability: 1000/1000

Congratulations! For defeating Lilith, you have become a Level one Lady of Lust!

You obtained the following skills: Lust Conversion, Unrivalled Charm, and Lust Manipulation.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lust Conversion.

Effect: It grants the power to convert your lust into mana. The more lust you feel, the more mana you can convert, but you have to pay the price for it. By using this skill, you can completely negate your sexual desires.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Unrivalled Charm.

Effect: It grants you the power to completely enchant demons and corrupted creatures with a one hundred percent of chance of succeeding. This skill also works on other creatures, but the chance of success will depend on the level of the skill, your intelligence, and the target's willpower.

Cost: 1000 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lust Manipulation.

Effect: It grants you the power to control your lust or of others.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Femradiel sighed in relief once again. With those skills, she will be able to recover her mana almost infinitely, and she will also manage to quickly stop the demons and corrupted monsters. She was even more thankful that Ryan wouldn't have the same power, because otherwise, he would make himself utterly immune to her charms.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1