Chapter 845: [Bonus Chapter]Better

Chapter 845: [Bonus Chapter]Better

Lilith couldn't help but sweat cold. Her armor was supposed to be protecting that area. Not to mention, she had a high resistance against all kinds of debuffs and poison. So, she couldn't understand what was going on. However, Femradiel suddenly moved away from her, and then she recovered control over her body. That was even weirder

"What did you do?" Lilith asked while she touched her nape and noticed that her armor hadn't been damaged.

"Who knows?" Femradiel shrugged.

While that was annoying, Lilith couldn't waste time questioning what Femradiel did to her. Even without Femradiel, the survivors of Cairo and Isis monsters were managing to keep the demons away from the barrier. While the number of demons still will last for a while, Lilith couldn't risk losing all of them just to take over Isis's base.

Lilith summoned several Dark Spears and then prepared to fire them toward Femradiel. With that angle, Femradiel quickly realized that Isis's barrier would get hit if she dodged it. While Femradiel could decrease the power of those spells by using Soul Eater, she wouldn't be able to stop all of them. Femradiel didn't want to use that so soon, but she ended up summoning the Absolute Death Crossbow and then pulled the trigger. Lilith began to suffer damage on her face and on the region of her eyes, but the Dark Armor protected her. Lilith ignored most of it until Femradiel teleported to behind her. At that moment, she changed the direction of her spears and then fired toward Femradiel.

Getting hit by a spell of that level at point-blank range was supposed to be deadly, but Femradiel predicted that kind of change and then decreased the power of the attacks by spinning Soul Eater in front of her and by using Darkness Manipulation. Even so, Femradiel suffered a huge deal of damage and was almost sent flying to outer space. Lilith grinned from ear to ear when she saw her bleeding from her face and both arms and showed a pained expression.

"That is better, that is much better," Lilith said.

Even though Femradiel expected the attack, it still hurt her quite a bit. To gain some time, she decided on one of the recently obtained skills, even though she didn't have time to level it up. Femradiel made Amber Arrows rain over Lilith.

Although the arrows seemed weaker than Lunar Arrow, Lilith still used her sword to block them. Much to her surprise, the energy in her sword began to dissipate at a fearsome speed probably because those projectiles had some divine energy onto them, and they didn't rely on the position or the phases of the Moon to cause any real damage.

Femradiel disappeared again, and then Lilith suddenly felt the same pain on her neck before she could turn around. Femradiel hit her with the mithril hammer of destruction. At the same time, it didn't cause much damage, thanks to the Dark Armor. Still, at least, which prevented Lilith from seeing what she had done.

Fighting with a hammer wasn't much of Femradiel's style, but she had a few uses for it for the moment. When Lilith tried to split her in half again due to her rage, Femradiel blocked the attack by using the energy accumulated on the hammer. The impact made the air in the area vibrate, and Lilith's sword trembled for several moments. Femradiel disappeared, and then Lilith prepared to receive another attack from behind. However, instead of that. Femradiel used Sloth Illusion when she touched her head.

Lilith's vision darkened when a powerful wave of exhaustion took over her body, but before that could leave her unguarded, she used a spell and recovered a huge deal of her stamina. Instead of letting rage decide for her what to do, Lilith decided to calm down and take a deep breath. Femradiel was always one step ahead of her because she managed to keep herself composed, no matter the situation, and Lilith doesn't intend to change her style because of her. She at least could use her head a little more to avoid falling for obvious traps.

"Belphegor's power, huh" Lilith said. "You sure like to use boring skills."

"I guess so," Femradiel shrugged again.

Before not too long, Lilith's stamina was full again, and she couldn't help but frown since it was evident that she would use magic to recover herself, and yet, Femradiel didn't try to prevent it.

"I thought she was smarter than this" Lilith furrowed her eyebrows.

It has been a while since she fought against someone for so long, and the last time that happened, that someone discovered the secrets of her power. Still, that didn't change the outcome of the battle. In fact, it made things a lot easier for Lilith since it made the enemy despair and sweat cold and yet, there were no signs of that on Femradiel.

Since she wasn't used to that, Lilith realized quite late that Femradiel had activated Concentrated Strike and was preparing a big attack. Using that skill with a hammer made of mithril was bound to cause some crazy damage, but that only made Lilith's blood boil, and it made her wish to test her strength against it. Trying to win an exchange using a sword against a hammer wasn't one of the most brilliant things Lilith had thought, but it certainly would make Femradiel despair if her precious hammer was destroyed. She was missing seeing that kind of expression, after all.

Without wasting any more time, those two dashed toward each other. Lilith raised her guard because Femradiel might be planning to hit her from another direction, but in the end, she really tried to attack Lilith from the front. In the blink of an eye, Lilith enchanted her sword with a massive amount of mana. She had packed so much energy that her sword was even firing dark lightning bolts. When both weapons collided, a massive explosion happened due to the enormous amount of energy those two used in their attacks. Femradiel tried her best to resist the impact and the explosion, but in the end, she was sent flying backward as soon as the bones of her arms broke.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1