Chapter 844: Trick

Chapter 844: Trick

After trying to cut down Femradiel for a while, Lilith understood that fighting like usual wouldn't take her anywhere. Not to mention, she was getting tired of getting hit by Soul Eater. While it doesn't cause damage, Lilith doesn't like to get hit because she thinks that is a sign that the opponent is better in terms of skills.

It has been a while, but she decided to use a certain troublesome skill. After concentrating the mana around her body, Lilith converted the energy into dark magic, and then her whole body was covered by a dark armor made of magic. When she attacked Femradiel again, their weapons collided, but Femradiel was sent flying to the distance.

"That is one crazy buff" Femradiel clenched her teeth.

Before Femradiel could stop, Lilith appeared behind her and then swung her sword to separate her upper and lower body. Instead of trying to dodge, Femradiel swung her scythe backward and aimed for Lilith's neck. That was one of the exchanges that Lilith asked, but since Femradiel didn't look like a warrior who had the same preferences, she smelled that something was off. Despite that, Lilith didn't stop, and her sword hit Femradiel's waist but it didn't cause damage. Soul Armor protected her.

Femradiel's scythe touched Lilith's neck, but it didn't cause any damage either because of the Dark Armor. However, that didn't bother her. She kept pushing forward, and at the same time, she drained the Dark Armor by using Darkness Manipulation.

Lilith teleported backward to prevent that, but despite her quick reflexes, Femradiel's scythe drained some of the darkness, and now the tip was covered with it. Meanwhile, the energy around Lilith's neck was thinner than before. If that was Femradiel's strategy, it was extremely flawed. Even though she doesn't fight relying on mana all that much, Lilith could recover hers in many ways.

While that was a bit worrisome, Lilith looked at Femradiel, completely uninterested. She didn't want to fight an enemy that relies on cheap tricks to gain an advantage Since she was the type of opponent Lilith disliked the most, she decided to crush her into bits. Lilith also summoned dark energy and enveloped her sword with it. After doing that, she charged toward Femradiel and swung her sword downward. While the speed wasn't anything special, the attack made Femradiel's bones crack when she blocked it. If she had any other weapon in her hands, the strike would have broken it.

The second strike had been more powerful, but it hadn't been enough to make Femradiel fall. Lilith realized that it was because Femradiel moved the dark energy to the place where the weapons collided. That decreased the power of the impact as if that wasn't annoying enough. Femradiel began to drain the dark energy again.

"You are wasting your time" Lilith said and then sighed.

"You think so?" Femradiel frowned.

Femradiel moved backward and then made Soul Eater absorb the dark energy. It seemed that she was really set on keeping doing that. Lilith wondered if she shouldn't explain why that was useless. That probably would make Femradiel despair and fight harder. However, it was also dangerous to reveal the nature of her powers as the demon of lust.

Femradiel decided to fly upward, and then Lilith followed her. Even if she didn't want to reveal the secrets of her power, she could at least let Femradiel choose the place she wanted to fight. However, Lilith soon regretted that a little

Femradiel suddenly disappeared, and in her place, Lilith found dozens of Lunar Arrows flying toward her. That was unexpected since it was midafternoon, but the Moon already could be seen on the horizon Lilith tried to dodge them by Teleporting, but the arrows followed her, and it was impossible to escape at that speed. In the end, Lilith moved her sword and blocked the projectiles.

The Lunar Arrows made the energy on her sword dissipate, but at least she escaped from getting hit by a skill that can cause divine damage. However, while she was blocking the attack, Femradiel attacked her from behind. Soul Eater passed through her whole upper body and absorbed all the dark energy of that region. As if that wasn't enough, Femradiel swung her scythe as well and hit the now almost unprotected area. Lilith's real armor failed at blocking the attack entirely, and she felt the piercing pain of the blade cutting her flesh. Still, she endured since the pain only lasted for a second.

Lilith turned around when both attacks ended and faced Femradiel. She wanted to pass a message with her eyes, she wanted to say how much she was pissed, but Femradiel completely ignored her. It seemed that she had grown rusty back in the day. Her eyes alone would make her enemies tremble in fear. Nevertheless Lilith closed her wound in the blink of an eye and then repaired the Dark Armor. She wouldn't fall for the same trick twice

Lilith began to Teleport around in order to make sure that Femradiel wouldn't have a clear target to use Perfect Aim, but she also used her speed to attack Femradiel from all angles. Thanks to Death Sense, Femradiel knew from which direction the attack would come from, and thanks to Sloth Aura, she could react on time. However, blocking was still causing a lot of damage to her arms. Despite that, she endured it

Eventually, Lilith ran out of patience and prepared a big attack. She enveloped her sword with a massive amount of dark energy and then swung it, cutting the air. The dark energy escaped from the blade and flew toward Femradiel, but at the last moment, she didn't try to block or absorb it the energy stopped in front of her and then was sent back toward Lilith. That was the power of Vengeful Explosion.

Usually, one would suffer a lot of damage after suffering such counterattacks, but Lilith only smiled. She blocked the energy with a single hand and then absorbed it. Femradiel's great plan was useless or so Lilith thought. Femradiel had disappeared, and then she felt the dark energy disappearing behind her again. However, in the next moment, she felt something piercing her nape, and it seemed that it was an arrow. Soon after, Lilith lost control over her body.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1