Chapter 849: [Bonus Chapter]A Dangerous Weapon

Chapter 849: [Bonus Chapter]A dangerous weapon

After using half of the coins she received after defeating Lilith, Femradiel summoned another army of Mechanical Giants. However, this time, she allocated them to different parts of the battlefield in order to make them prevent the advance of the demons. Isis's barrier was still standing, but even Femradiel was impressed by how much damage it received

"This isn't good" Femradiel bit her lips in exasperation. "Perhaps I should have killed Lilith and then trap her soul in that stone. She really would come in handy right now."

One could only wonder how much mana or coins Femradiel would have to spend to summon a copy of Lilith. Still, considering that she was a fearsome melee fighter, she would be really useful in that situation. As if the situation wasn't already troublesome enough, Femradiel and Isis noticed some presence approaching in the distance. They were dragons

"Who is the bastard that is wait, those dragons are" Femradiel frowned when she saw those big but slow dragons flying.

Pendragon  Lv 100

Health: 12.000/12.000

Mana: 7600/7600

Stamina: 9500/9500

Strength: 900 (+ 100)

Dexterity: 650 (+ 80)

Speed: 950 (+ 90)

Intelligence: 750 (+ 100)

Endurance: 750 (+ 140)

Control: 400 (+ 60)

Mentality: 900 (+ 100)

Luck: 250 (+ 90)

Recovery: 4000 (+ 1500)

Willpower: 900 (+ 100)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 50, Roar Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 85, Fire Claw Lv 76 Enhanced Strength Lv 47, Augmented Intelligence Lv 42

Spells: Ice Breath Lv 120, Fire Breath Lv 80, Electric Breath Lv 60

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 70, Electric Resistance Lv 60, Shock Resistance Lv 50, Fire Resistance Lv 42, Curse Resistance Lv 29

For a second, Femradiel imagined that Nakine and the others had come to help them, but then she realized their dungeon wasn't at a high level enough for that. However, they already reached level one hundred in just a few weeks. That was some progress.

"I am thankful for the help, but what are they expecting to" Femradiel frowned.

"You can turn them into zombies, and they will become stronger," Alissa said via Telepathy. "Not to mention, they will also boost your status by five percent for each one of them."

"Alissa!" Femradiel raised her voice in excitement.

"Sorry that I couldn't help more than this, but I helped the other guys in leveling up their dungeon," Alissa said. "I am also using this tactic, so I can say that is highly effective."

"Yeah, I thought about using that, but I didn't find any dragon" Femradiel said. "I could have asked Yahiko for some, but his people really need the dragon hearts, and they are fighting the demons as well."

"Well, how considerate of you," Alissa said. "Anyway, use them wisely because it was a pain to make them cross half of the world undetected."

"Hehe, thanks, I will," Femradiel smiled. "I owe you one."

Even without the effects of Draconic Leadership, the zombie dragons alone would be a force to be recognized on the battlefield. Not to mention, those fifty dragons will make her at least 250% stronger perhaps, she should just use them for the buffs.

After transforming the dragons into zombies, Femradiel landed in the desert and then began to attack alongside the zombies. Although Draconic Leadership was useful, they needed to be within a certain range for her to receive the buffs. Femradiel barely could believe the strength she had obtained. Even when she wasn't putting much effort, she could split several of the demons in half with ease. In order to make things proceed faster than before, she made several spears out of ice and made them spin with Telekinesis. The few demons that could endure were attacked by the zombie dragons.

"I can leave this site to Femradiel," Isis nodded to herself. "Since that is the case, I should make good use of this moment and then defeat Hades."

Isis used Teleport and then appeared right in front of Hades. While she wasn't much of a warrior, Isis was looking forward to defeating the enemies that threatened her people, even more so when they used the worse and cowardly times to attack.

"Hades it seems that after all these years, you lost the little pride that you had," Isis said. "To think that one of the three greatest gods of Greece would try to defeat me when demons were aiming for my domain tell me, when did you become such a pathetic god?"

"I don't owe any explanations to you," Hades replied, still showing disinterest in his face.

"You even don't have a minimal sense of class, huh," Isis said, then sighed. "Very well, I shall end this quickly."

Isis created dozens of longbows using the sand of the desert to attack. Still, even before she could fire them, Hades had already summoned his Mana Barrier. She still attacked him, and the sound of arrows flying at supersonic speeds left the air vibrating and then completely disintegrated when they hit the Mana Barrier, thanks to that. Despite that, Isis made Hades frown as expected. Even though she was just using sand, her powers still were something else.

Hades made some cursed spirits fly toward her, but those were pulled back to the ground when some tornadoes appeared below her. Isis didn't even look at them. Such were her powers when it comes to magic. While she still considered that summoning magic wasn't her forte, Isis summoned some fairies to attack the cursed spirits alongside the tornadoes. That should be enough for the time being. If Hades tries to do more than that, Furball and Femradiel's familiars will cause massive damage to that army.

"In the end, I suppose I will have to work pretty hard to succeed in my mission," Hades said and then drew his sword. "It has been a while, so go easy on me."

Hades flew toward Isis and then tried to cut her neck, Isis sand to block his path. Still, when the sand touched the sword, it completely disintegrated into small lifeless particles. It will be bad if that sword touches her

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1