Chapter 848: Hades

Chapter 848: Hades

Although the demons had lost their commander, they still kept fighting and eventually even managed to attack Isis's domain. Femradiel tried hard to wipe them out, but in the end, one thing became obvious: Isis's army was slowly getting exhausted, and their supplies were running out. That was what happens when millions of demons try to take them out.

As if that wasn't troublesome enough, Isis detected a new force that suddenly appeared on the west side of Africa, and that same force was marching toward her domain. It was getting dark and one of the worst enemies that could attack them at night showed up.

Hades

Health: 3.555.263/3.555.293

Mana: 5.898.441/5.898.441

Stamina: 1.435.623/1.435.623

Strength: 39.500

Dexterity: 85.600

Speed: 44.000

Intelligence: 225.420

Endurance: 95.000

Control: 63.600

Mentality: 79.000.

Luck: 20.000

Recovery: 800.000

Willpower: 79.000

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Cursed Touch Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Intelligence Lv Max, Enhanced Intelligence Lv Max, Augmented Intelligence Lv Max

Spells: Cursed Breath Lv Max, Summon Death Knight Lv Max, Summon Cursed Spirits Lv Max, Underworld Calling Lv Max

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv Max, Cold Resistance Lv Max, Electric Resistance Lv Max, Earth Resistance Lv Max

Unlike Ryan and Femradiel, Isis could actually use Absolute Appraisal and see the status of other elder gods. Her skill level was much higher than theirs, after all. Regardless, Hades had also brought with him an army of underworld spirits with him. Those creatures didn't have a physical form, but they could cause a lot of damage while they even torment the thoughts of their target. The only way to defeat them was with magic, but Isis was having a hard time believing that they would pull that off. After all, her army was exhausted.

As if he had been tasked to do one of the worst jobs, Hades looked toward Cairo with an expression on her face that showed how uninterested he was. Hades was a bit similar to Thanatos, but his hair was longer, and his armor was completely dark. Although his skin was so pale that it seemed like he was sick or something, he still looked weirdly handsome. His dark eyes that didn't emit any emotion made those who looked at him feel shivers. On his waist, one could see a long but thin sword attacked he really came prepared to fight. Even up close, considering that wasn't his style.

"Athena," Isis said via Telepathy. "Hades showed up here, and it seems he intends to finish Lilith's job."

"My apologies but I won't be able to help," Athena hesitated. "I am leading the defense of our Eastside, so I am holding back the demons while the other greed gods are preparing to face the Norse gods. I didn't hear of this attack, Isis."

"I believe you, most likely. Hades decided to take action by himself and get rid of us since we could become a threat later," Isis said and then let out a long sigh. "Well I wish you good luck."

That wasn't within their plans, but perhaps Isis will have to face Hades. It was an enemy Athena wanted to deal with since there has been some bad blood among them over the ages, but she couldn't do that right now. As for Isis, she didn't know if she could take down Hades by herself. Among the Greek gods, he was the one people knew least of. Although she could see his skills, seeing them in a status screen and inaction were two different things.

"It seems someone troublesome showed up," Femradiel suddenly appeared above the wall. "What is the plan? We can't afford to face those two armies at the same time. Our forces won't last long."

"I suppose I will face Hades and slow his army's advance," Isis said. "I am careful. I should be able to escape suffering critical damage."

" I think I should let them join this fight finally," Femradiel said, and then she summoned her familiars and also brought Furball from the Void World. "They should help in keeping the spirits in check for a while. Perhaps it will be enough for you to finish him off."

Isis couldn't imagine how three creatures could slow down, Hades' Underworld Calling, but at that point in time, she will need all the help she can get. No matter what happens, she couldn't let her people be attacked from two sides.

When Furball finally showed up, Femradiel gave him and her familiars the order to fight the spirits. Unless Hades approaches them, they should be fine. After all, the commander won't expose himself while Isis had him on sight.

When night fell, the demons got even more agitated, so Femradiel had a lot more work to do. She began to use Draconic Bow much more frequently than before, even though she wanted to fill Soul Eater with mana again

At the same time, Furball, Drake, and the Ice Phoenix met Hades' army fifty kilometers away from Cairo. While Isis didn't expect much from those creatures, she couldn't help not in amazement when they saw them running around and destroying the spirits just by doing that. Furball had used Electric Armor, and now he was mimicking the Drake. Both of them were electrocuting the spirits, just bypassing nearby them.

Upon realizing how effective her familiars were being thanks to the mana she was obtaining, Femradiel decided to do something rather drastic. She used Ice Meteor and made them fall all over the battlefield. Some of them broke when they smashed hundreds of enemies, and then she used Lightning Bolt and then hit those same spots. Even if it wasn't in their liquid state, the ice still conducted the electricity and made thousands of demons being killed.

"This is better, but" Femradiel clenched her teeth in annoyance. "This will take too long."

Thanks to their speed, Furball, and the others were escaping from receiving damage, and they will be able to fight for quite a while since Ryan and Femradiel equipped them with the right skills. Still, even while doing their best, they will be able to buy only a few hours. Perhaps even less if Hades decides to kill them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1