Chapter 857: Let'S Do This

Chapter 857: Let's do this

Without monsters to hit him, Ryan used the few poison and darkness-related skills he could use to train his body. He also used Light Solidification; there was no telling when he was going to face an enemy that can use that kind of skill.

Femradiel was so exhausted that she slept for three days straight in the Void World. While time there passed faster if compared to the reality that still showed how taxing the previous battle had been. When Femradiel woke up, she did so fast that Ryan couldn't help but frown. It seemed that something in the real world had caught her attention.

"Sorry, but I am leaving again," Femradiel said and then got up and then summoned the double number of monsters as before.. "Have fun while you train with them."

"Wait! At least explain to me what happened," Ryan said.

"I am going to find out. I will return soon with more details," Femradiel replied and then disappeared.

Ryan clicked his tongue and then sighed. He had imagined how useful the Void world would be in their hands, but now that he could use it, it became a troublesome place where his patience was being tested every single moment. However, much sooner than he had expected, he forgot about that. He had absolute faith in Femradiel, after all

----- -----

As soon as she woke up, Femradiel teleported to where she could sense Isis's presence. Only three hours had passed since the end of the battle, so she was overseeing the clean-up while standing at the top of her walls.

"Did you call me?" Femradiel asked.

"I received an update about the situations on the other battlefields," Isis said. "Athena still is fighting the demons in the East with her army. It seemed that the other Greek gods couldn't spare anyone to help her. They did that to surprise the Norse gods, and now they are fighting dozens of kilometers away from the Mediterranean sea. It seems they didn't inform Athena again, and my guess is that they are starting to suspect her."

"But since only Loki is on our side, and he is trying to mess with the other Norse gods, it doesn't make any sense. Why would they do that?" Femradiel asked. "Considering Athena's behavior, she wouldn't ally with them at least most of them seem like the type who Athena would absolutely hate."

"Still, since the Norse gods were caught off guard, they will assume several things. Some might thing that Athena is in a difficult spot," Isis said. "So, once we have the chance, we will have to defeat all of them before they can turn to attack her. The surprise attack will be much more effective than we can ever imagine."

"That goes without saying, in any case, how are the first impressions of their battle?" Femradiel asked.

"The Greek gods are just attacking with their monsters and are waiting for one of the most hot-blooded warriors on the other side to lose their patience and expose themselves," Isis explained. "The most troublesome one is Thor, but even if he exposes himself, he won't go down that fast. Loki must be giving them warnings about possible threats so that he won't show up anytime soon. If either Tyr or Baldr makes a mistake, the Greek gods will try to kill them instantly, even if they had to attack using four or five of theirs."

Femradiel nodded. It was only obvious that they would do that since they lost Hades, Hephaestus, Poseidon, Thanatos, and Hypnos. While they still have more minor deities, it was hard to imagine the weakest ones fighting on equal standing against the strongest ones on the other side, even if they had a few tricks up their sleeve.

"I assume you planned to do something since you called me and all," Femradiel said. "Attacking and defeating another demon general might help us a lot in the long run."

"That would normally be my next move, but since things might change any moment now that the Greek and Norse gods are fighting, we shouldn't take those risks," Isis explained. "I decided that it would be better if we use some way to lure a few of the Greek gods away from the battle. Once they realize that they have the upper hand, the Norse gods will attack with full force, and then Loki will have his chance to move."

"That seems like a good plan in theory," Femradiel said. "How are we going to lure some of the elder gods away from the battle, and can we defeat a few of them at the same time?" Femradiel asked.

"Under normal conditions, that wouldn't be possible, but we will use the power you received recently, and I will be there to back you up," Isis explained. "If you use Lilith power, Aphrodite will probably be attracted to it. The Greek gods will think that you are planning to make use of the confusion just like them, and they will send one or two to help Aphrodite. She definitely will try to be the one to strike you down. I understand if you don't feel confident in this plan. Even though I am aware that this is a huge bet, still, if we are going to do this, we will have to do it now."

Femradiel wondered what Ryan would think if she accepted a risky plan like that. While he was always trying not to show his feelings, it was evident that he worried about her well-being. However, Femradiel was also aware that she and her friends were still in the worst situation. If either the Greek or Norse gods decide to attack them at the same time, they won't survive. That was why the chance of taking two or three of them down at the same time was valuable like on others. Hopefully, Loki will manage to take at least one of the Norse gods.

"All right, let's do this," Femradiel said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1