Chapter 856: Hobby?

Chapter 856: Hobby?

While the people of Cairo were celebrating outside, in the Void World, Ryan reached a level where he could take the attacks of dozens of powerful monsters without letting his anger get the better of him. It was quite the progress, considering how short-fused he was. In any case, he was waiting patiently for the news outside and considering that the spell was still working. Femradiel was alive and fighting. That was good. Considering that she didn't come to inform him of anything, Ryan assumed that she was too busy that wasn't good.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to become a Lord of the Ice Foxes. The effects of the skills Frozen Arrow, Water Manipulation, and Icebound have doubled.

"Finally" Ryan said and then sighed.

Most of Ryan's mana was being used to heal himself from the damage he was constantly receiving, but the rest that was free, he used to train some of his skills and thus, obtained an upgrade in one of his bloodlines. While he had planned to upgrade the ones that increase his health and endurance first, he made some adjustments because lately, Ryan had been using water and ice magic quite a bit.

"... It seems Furball is still alive, so I guess they don't need my help outside. "Ryan said and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Did I train them well or"

Ryan shook his head before weird thoughts could make him think weird things. That is why he doesn't like to stay idle it is because he starts to doubt himself despite his accomplishments.

While Ryan was thinking about that, the monsters suddenly disappeared, and then Femradiel and Furball appeared. This time he couldn't help but wonder if she had been spying on him, but he shook his head when he saw her lying on the ground. She really looked exhausted.

"So tired" Femradiel said and then let out a long sigh. "I need a massage, Ryan."

"And I need a report," Ryan said. "What happened? I only know that you defeated Lilith."

"Well, not much happened," Femradiel said. "I killed a few million demons and corrupted monsters, created a tyrant familiar, and then Isis defeated Hades. The end."

Ryan sighed, he assumed that Femradiel liked the sound of her voice, but it seemed that not even that was enough to motivate her at the moment. After giving her a massage, Femradiel felt a little better and, this time, didn't skip the details. Right at that moment, the survivors were dealing with the aftermath of the battle. Treating the wounded and getting rid of the corpses, after all, even in the desert, a massive sea of bodies might spread diseases in Cairo. That was the last thing they needed since the war had just started.

"How is my condition?" Ryan asked.

"Your fever has decreased again, and now we can't fry an egg on your forehead alone," Femradiel replied. "However, you need to wait for a while longer. Otherwise, your body will suffer from strain, and all the progress you made will be for naught. Isis and I agree that you should wait until you are completely fine."

"Shit" Ryan said and then clicked his tongue.

"Don't worry about that. There are still many others that we will have to fight," Femradiel said. "Rather than that, when did you become so bloodthirsty?"

Ryan didn't answer that because he couldn't find an answer that wouldn't trouble him. Regardless, he thought that sparing with the elder gods would help him with that, but it didn't. Ryan didn't have obligations to anyone, but he still couldn't just sit still and wait while some battles were happening that might decide the fate of the planet.

"What do you think?" Femradiel asked after summoning the ice tyrant. "Much cooler than you had imagined, right?"

"As usual, your naming sense sucks," Ryan said.

The creature was essentially a copy of the crystal tyrant they faced before, but it was mostly blue, and the scales around its body were made of crystalized ice. It even had some special skills, one that would be really useful on Femradiel and Ryan's hands, but it wasn't something they could find in the dungeon shop yet.

"What name do you think would be better?" Femradiel asked.

"Lustiel wait, that would fit you better, right?" Ryan asked with a scary smile on his face.

"What are you talking about?" Femradiel asked while looking away.

"You see, I had a lot of time to talk with Lilith. While she wasn't cooperative at first, I persuaded her just as I do with Belphegor," Ryan said. "So, she told me that you fought her alone why were you so desperate to obtain her power?"

"For no particular reason" Femradiel replied, still avoiding Ryan's eyes.

"... You need to improve your acting skills," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Anyway, good work on defeating her and protecting the city."

"Thanks, finally some proper words of gratitude!" Femradiel said and then showed a smug smile. "I worked pretty hard while you were having your vacation here."

"Getting carried away, aren't we?" Ryan Shrugged. "Regardless, rest as long as you can. The fight just started, and we still need to keep track of the situations in the east and north. There is also the chance that the other demon generals will try to avenge Lilith, so we aren't entirely free of worries coming from the south."

"It will be hard to relax if you keep saying things like that," Femradiel said. "Anyway, I am going to sleep a little."

Ryan wouldn't have the chance to train his resistances while she sleeps there. After all, the monsters were quite noisy with their attacks. Once Ryan noticed that Femradiel really fell asleep, he began to worry again about the fact that he hadn't done anything meaningful in several weeks.

"I need to find a hobby that isn't related to fighting unfortunately, I think it is a bit too late for that," Ryan thought while he was imagining what was going to happen in the next few weeks.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1