Chapter 855: Gloves Of The Lost Souls

Chapter 855: Gloves of the Lost Souls

Isis began to punch Hades like there was no tomorrow, while she wasn't exactly a master at close-range combat. She had fought many monsters, so she knew what to do and what not to do. With her right hand, Isis punched and stole Hades' mana, and with the left hand, she emitted the pollen that covered the sword and made him unable to react. Interestingly enough, the more Isis punched Hades, the more she felt refreshed. At the same time, the desert around was slowly changing its shape due to the impact of her fully-powered punches.

It took a while, but Hades' spiritual body began to shrink since he was losing his mana and receiving damage. However, after a couple of hours, when she had the chance to finish him since he had become as small as a sphere that could fit in her hands, Isis stopped attacking.

" Why did you stop now?" Hades looked bored out of his mind even though he got one hell of a beating. "Did you stop to add some dramatic effect to the fight?"

"While I don't like you, I don't have any reasons to kill you," Isis replied. "Besides, I can still use you to help me in the future."

In the end, Isis also used Seal on Hades. Since she took a liking to fight with her fists, she decided to seal him on some gloves made of mithril that she had in her spatial storage. She never used them, but she wasn't crazy enough to throw away anything made of mithril. After she used Seal, Isis also gained a portion of Hades' power.

Gloves of the Lost Souls

Effect: it grants you the power to charge these gloves with the souls of your defeated foes. For each soul in those gloves, your strength will increase by two points. After thirty seconds without collecting any souls, the effect will dissipate.

Strength + 3000, Speed + 1500, Endurance + 1500

Durability: 2000/2000

"Impressive, as expected of your soul, Hades," Isis said.

In the end, Hades decided not to reply. It didn't seem like he was a sore loser, but he also didn't think that he had to be friendly to the one who defeated him. Regardless, Isis sighed in relief since she somehow managed to defeat Hades. Even though he was an enemy, he wasn't expecting to fight. She was forced to show many cards that she was planning to hide to use against other opponents, but it couldn't be helped After turning around, Isis realized that things were about to end on the other battlefield as well. The reason for that was that Femradiel finally created her Tyrant familiar.

----- -----

Tyrantiel (Ice Tyrant)-  Lv 40

Health: 125.000

Mana: 95.000

Stamina: 75.000

Strength: 12500

Dexterity: 800

Speed: 2000

Intelligence: 10000

Endurance: 20000

Control: 2000

Mentality: 9000

Luck: 4000

Recovery: 50000

Willpower: 9000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Ice Touch Lv 80, Freezing Step Lv 70

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 60, Bronze Skin Lv 60, Steel Skin Lv 60, Health Boost Lv 50,

Spells: Ice Armor Lv 60, Ice Breath Lv 50, Cold Ingestion Lv 50

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Cold Immunity Lv 150, Cold Absorption Lv 100, Freeze Resistance Lv 550

Femradiel couldn't help but grin from ear to ear. Even though her new familiar was at a low level, the creature already could do whatever it wants on that battlefield against the demons. While it was slow since it was more than one hundred meters long, it could ignore the attacks of most demons and kill some of them just by stepping on them.

As if that wasn't enough, it could turn the creatures that got touched by it into ice, and then it could absorb the ice and replenish its energy. It took quite a while to obtain all the mana to create something as powerful as that, even though Femradiel killed hundreds of thousands of enemies and even made use of Lust Conversion throughout the whole night. Some people even looked at her with suspicious eyes when she was breathing hard with a red face. That was the price she had to pay to use Lust Manipulation and Lust Conversion at the same time.

"Ryan was right I should have created this sooner," Femradiel said while she was standing above the head of her new familiar.

Femradiel will need to recharge Soul Eater, but she decided to do that later. After fighting so hard for so many hours, she decided to rest and fight only using her magic bows. Since there were still many flying enemies, she had the perfect excuse to do that. Things were progressing well, and things improved even more when she noticed that Hades' presence had changed and became similar to the elder gods that Ryan had defeated.

"She really did it even without a plan," Femradiel said, visibly surprised. "Even without having any prior knowledge about Hades' skills Maybe I was mistaken when I found weird elder gods trying to work with Ryan."

Regardless, Isis returned to her domain, and Femradiel resumed her hunting. The number of corpses around was so massive that the area around the city didn't seem like a desert. People barely could find spots on the ground that weren't filled with blood or corpses, after all. In any case, Femradiel already could see the end in sight of that battle. They assumed that they would have to fight back and defend the place for several days, but that victory only showed that they had underestimated their own powers not to mention Ryan didn't even participate on that one.

After a couple of minutes, Femradiel finally bombarded the last demons with arrows and ended the fight. The survivors were exhausted and sad about their losses. Isis had at least fifty thousand people working for her in Cairo, but at least fifteen thousand despite that, the survivors raised their arms and celebrated. Against all the odds, they survived one heck of a battle, so they deserved at least that much.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1