Chapter 860: Interesting...

Chapter 860: Interesting...

Femradiel began to fly around the abandoned city and kept attacking Aphrodite, but even though the Greek goddess of love didn't move an inch or used any mana, she still blocked her bolts. Long-ranged attacks weren't effective but then trying to fight up close without fully understanding the enemies' ability wouldn't improve anything.

When Femradiel stopped attacking for a second to analyze Aphrodite's actions, she suddenly was hit by something in the stomach. It didn't feel like a punch or kick, but it wasn't sharp like a weapon either. However, Death Sense alerted her, and she moved her head to the left side, and then something sharp scratched her right cheek. Femradiel began to fire again as she flew in circles around Aphrodite. She touched her face and confirmed that blood was flowing from the wound she was supposed to have a high endurance and mentality, so the invisible attack wasn't something to laugh at.

"She is using her special powers to defend herself is she unable to attack and defend at the same time, or is this just a trap?" Femradiel wondered.

Femradiel couldn't tell, and most likely, unless Aphrodite messes up, she won't be able to confirm anything. It looked like she would have to use that crossbow later, so Femradiel summoned the Spiritualist's Crossbow to confirm something. While she flew around, Femradiel fired dozens of bolts every second, those were supposed to drain mana from the enemies, and they could even drain mana from magic attacks despite that, Femradiel's bolts didn't approach her more than the others.

"Something is wrong here" Femradiel thought.

While it was only natural that she wouldn't be able to analyze and understand her enemies' abilities so fast, Femradiel could smell something amiss on A Aphrodite's skills. Until now, all the enemies they faced used mana in some way or another. Even to manipulate things like direct damage or the deadly sins, they used mana for that, but it seemed that Aphrodite didn't need mana to do anything. And yet, despite that, her magical presence was on an equal level as the other Olympian gods.

Femradiel stopped attacking and then activated the Mana Barrier. At the same time, she used some potions to increase her intelligence and dexterity. However, she was forced to stop when Death Sense alerted her yet again. This time, Femradiel was hit in the left shoulder. Her wild reflexes prevented her from getting her heart pierced, but still that power was worse than she had predicted.

"It can't be helped even if my attacks aren't hitting her, I will need the effect of that bow," Femradiel said and then summoned the Long Mithril Bow of the Excitement.

Aphrodite showed her displeasure the very moment she began to feel Lilith's presence. Femradiel didn't know many myths regarding demons and Greek gods, but it seemed that those two had a certain history

"Are my eyes wrong, or I can see the biggest slut in the universe?" Lilith asked, and she sounded particularly amused. "It has been a while, Aphrodite."

"I don't want to hear that from you who keeps chasing the same filthy demon and never gives up," Aphrodite said, visibly annoyed. "You should be ashamed of yourself, chasing a demon for thousands of years."

"I think it is better than opening the legs to almost all Olympian gods," Lilith said and then shrugged.

"I can sense your jealousy thousands of kilometers away," Aphrodite said.

Femradiel frowned when she heard that exchange, but she didn't try to stop it since she would need all the time she could get to obtain the status bonus of the bow. They increased their parameters for each minute while fighting the same opponent, after all. Fortunately, her status was increasing, even while those two were insulting each other.

In any case, Femradiel wondered if she was weird because she considered the behavior of both of them pretty pathetic. It was fine to pursue love and all, Femradiel was doing that as well, but those were pretty intense about their pursuit and not in a good way.

"You can say whatever you want now. I will give you the permission to do so since you are going to disappear soon enough," Aphrodite said. "Once I defeat her, I will erase your existence from this plan."

"Good luck with that," Lilith said and then began to whisper. "Hey, you if you promise me that you will kill her, that I will give you a hand on this fight."

"I can't promise anything," Femradiel said. "If I have the chance, I will seal her spirit, but if she proves to be too difficult to deal with, I will have to kill her."

"Unless you promise, I won't help," Lilith said.

"That is fine by me," Femradiel said. "I am going to ask Isis if I can make a spatial storage where time can keep passing just like in reality. That way, you two will have a lot of time to talk with each other."

That was a pretty annoying thing to say, but in the end, Lilith decided to keep neutral since whatever happens, she will end up losing anyway. Being killed for good and passing the time alone in the same place with Aphrodite were basically the same thing for Lilith.

The fight was resumed, and Femradiel attacked with her new bow. Even though that was one of the strongest weapons in her arsenal, it still was being stopped ten meters away from Aphrodite. Suddenly, Femradiel had an idea she attacked the Greek goddess of love with a barrage of arrows, and at the same time, she made an ice meteor fall over her. This time, the attack got a bit close, but it was stopped before Aphrodite could be damaged However, something weird happened, the ice meteor was split in half.

"Interesting" Femradiel muttered.

Her arrows weren't stopped like that, so Femradiel assumed that Aphrodite used two types of things to deflect the arrows and to prevent the Ice Meteor. That pretty much was obvious Still, Femradiel needed to learn more in order to put her plan into motion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1