Chapter 851: Reason

Chapter 851: Reason

Everyone knew that Greek deities had their share of problems with each other. It was like the craziest soap opera that anyone could imagine, so Isis wasn't surprised that they had renegade Hephaestus, even though he probably had the skills to turn the tide of any war.

Regardless, it wasn't time to talk. Since she was a master of magic, Isis healed the wound caused by Hades' attacks in just a few seconds. However, she was aware that things might get messy if he uses something like that again. Still, an attack of that level probably couldn't be used easily, not even by one of the three greatest gods of Greece.

With one hand, Isis fired Plasma Bullets toward Hades, and with the other, she tossed the magic pollen in the air. Hades couldn't help but be disappointed after seeing Isis insisting on the previous ways of attacking. Unless she shows something new, Hades was confident that he could deal with anything. To show as such, Hades focused on blocking the Plasma Bullets. While blocking them made him lose some momentum, Hades wasn't in a hurry since his army still wasn't that close to Cairo.

While zigzagging and blocking the attacks, Hades slowly approached Isis. When he felt that her pollen was starting to get troublesome, he used Absolute Purification instead of his sword but obtained the same result. Eventually, Isis was within his range, and he swung down his sword, knowing that he wasn't a mirage, but then much to Hades' surprise, Isis raised her right hand and stopped the weapon. She was supposed to lose her hand by doing that, but then Hades realized that she wasn't actually touching the sword. She was pushing it away from her by firing a constant burst of wind.

Isis stopped her attack by doing that, but Hades now had to endure the pollen in full force in exchange. Thanks to that, he also noticed another effect of the pollen it could steal mana. Hades Teleported away because he knew that giving his mana to a mage type would only make things more complicated for him.

As soon as he reappeared, Hades was welcomed by an unpleasant surprise. Isis fired a Plasma Spear, and out of reflex, he swung his sword like before and repelled the attack with the previous attack that wounded Isis. In the end, both strikes canceled each other. Still, the explosion of energy made the whole desert tremble, and the point of the collision caused some lightning bolts to fall and hit the Cursed spirits.

"I see. Our attacks can cancel each other," Isis nodded. "That is good to know."

Hades let out a sigh now that Isis was starting to learn more about that kind of skill, things might get troublesome. He had to finish that faster than she could find all the secrets of his skill. Not to mention, he also had to defeat her because the Norse gods are fast approaching, and he will need to face them since they are outnumbered and still have to worry about the demons in the East.

"I might as well hit two birds with one stone," Hades said and then teleported to the right side of his current position.

Isis frowned when she heard that. Hades was planning something and certainly wasn't something good. He raised his sword, and a sphere of dark energy that was firing small dark lightning bolts appeared above his weapon. That kind of attack was never good eventually, Isis realized what he meant by hitting two birds with one stone Isis was right in front of him, and behind Isis, there was the barrier of her domain. While the barrier won't fall with a single attack, the explosion will certainly kill many of her allies nearby.

Suddenly, Isis fired several Plasma Spears, and now it was time for Hades to be surprised. A spell of that level was supposed to consume a lot of energy, and she was firing it like it was water Regardless, Hades fired his dark sphere of energy, and the projectiles hit each other. Another explosion happened, and this time, even Hades and Isis were pushed backward.

The impact was so powerful that it created a powerful shockwave, and eventually, what seemed to be a sand storm hit the other battlefield. When Isis opened her eyes again, she saw a hole in the middle of the desert where the sand was constantly falling in. It almost looked like a few nukes had hit that area. Such was the power the elder gods could muster in just a few seconds No wonder Isis was worried that Earth might be destroyed if she and her allies didn't play their hands right.

For the first time since the start of the battle, Hades used Absolute Appraisal in Isis, and that made her click her tongue. That was very unusual since she is always composed no matter what. She only did that because Hades now saw that despite the attacks, her mana was full. He looked below and saw that despite their overwhelming advantage thanks to sheer numbers, his cursed spirits weren't making much progress it wasn't because the fairies, tornados, Furball, and the familiar were doing one hell of a job. It was because Isis pollen was stealing their mana.

"You really have many tricks up your sleeve. I always thought the plan was just to annoy me," Hades said and then raised his sword.

In the next moment, the Cursed spirits began to emit a purple aura that looked really ominous. Thanks to that aura, Isis saw the pollen that was falling over them burning It was a really useful skill.

"Now we are even," Hades said and then began to create another sphere of dark energy.

Isis summoned several Plasma Spears again and prepared to repel the attack. No matter what happens, she couldn't let Hades damage her troops. Many of them already died while she was conserving her energy, so she had to show them that they didn't choose the wrong elder god to follow.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1