Chapter 858: Sketchy

Chapter 858: Sketchy

After accepting the offer, Femradiel and Isis began to prepare, but before that, she had to find a proper explanation to convince Ryan. Lying was the easiest way out, but Femradiel knew that Ryan wouldn't take that well, even if it were for the sake of the group. In the end, she decided not to play a game with words and just told the truth.

"I thought Isis was calmer than this," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Now, I can see that she is quite the gambler. Anyway it seems you are bound to receive some suspicious powers. Are you planning to brainwash me or something with them?"

"That is your concern after hearing the plan?" Femradiel frowned.

"That is right, if you defeat Aphrodite, you will have the absolute power to enchant others, and with Lilith's power, I doubt that anyone will be able to resist you if you try to mess with their lust," Ryan said.

"Humph, it is not like I need any of those powers," Femradiel said after she snorted. "It is just a coincidence that I am obtaining them."

"Well, it is important to have confidence if anything else," Ryan shrugged. "I wish you luck with the next battle."

"So aren't you going to nag and say that is too risky?" Femradiel frowned.

"If you know that much and still are willing to do it, it means that you have thought things through," Ryan said. "You don't seem particularly suicidal today, so I can say for sure that you think that you can pull this off. Besides, you don't need my permission to do anything. We are partners, not slaves and masters."

Femradiel had something on her chest that she couldn't describe with words. It was quite a weird moment to feel like that, but in the end, she let those feelings control her, and she jumped onto Ryan's arms and hugged him tightly. Once she got a small dose of what she wanted, she whispered into Ryan's ears.

"I love you, Ryan," Femradiel.

"Well I don't dislike you," Ryan forced a smile.

"Again, with that evasive answer" Femradiel said and then sighed. "I have been working very hard lately, and once I come back, I will want a better reward than this."

"How about ice cream or chocolate cake?" Ryan asked.

"A much, much better reward," Femradiel said and then looked Ryan in the eye.

"I suppose Lilith's power is making you show your true nature more often now," Ryan said and then looked away while smiling.

"Well, I'd better get going," Femradiel said and then showed a sweet smile.

Once Femradiel left, Ryan couldn't help but sigh. He was getting pissed at himself now he couldn't take the next steps when it comes to his love life, and now he was feeling miserable thanks to that and thanks to the fact that he couldn't help at such an important time.

"What am I going to do with myself at this rate?" Ryan asked and then sighed.

Before resuming his training, Ryan took his time to stare at the ocean and wonder why he was feeling like that. His need to prove himself and have some confidence weren't only thanks to the fact that Mia cheated on him. Since he idolized her in his youth, he couldn't help but think that he was inadequate to her. Once they somehow started going out, those feelings only got stronger. He worked hard in all senses to become someone who deserved her, and once he lost her due to the situations of life, his pride and self-confidence suffered a lot more damage. He needed to prove himself constantly, and he was fearing that eventually, the same things would repeat themselves or that Femradiel was starting to become better than him.

"Such annoying feelings" Ryan said and then sighed.

----- -----

After finishing their preparations, Isis and Femradiel met at the wall. Things on the base will stay under the command of Mohammed, but even he couldn't help but worry considering that the leader of the place was going to leave to fight some elder gods away from their base. Isis had already used the power of the Nile that day. So, she wouldn't be able to use her trump card. Femradiel decided to leave her tyrant familiar if something happened, but it wasn't the same thing.

"We are going to Turkey," Isis declared. "Athena is fighting in Syria, so if something happens, we will be able to count on her, but we should try to solve the situation ourselves in order to prevent her workload from increasing."

"All right," Femradiel nodded.

"If we have the chance to choose, you can fight Aphrodite," Isis said.

"Why? Are you assuming as well that I am planning to do something with her powers?" Femradiel frowned.

"No I just thought it would be better if you fight her since you have been leveling up your Charm Resistance as of late," Isis replied. "I assumed that you were planning to deal with Lilith and Aphrodite because they might brainwash Ryan with their powers, but I guess Ryan already put a doubt in your mind."

"Let's go already" Femradiel said and then sighed.

Isis teleported both of them at the same time to Istanbul, the capital of Turkey had been completely abandoned due to the fact that Norse gods and Greek gods were about to go at each other's throats.

Just using your powers won't be convincing. You will need to use it to clear some dungeons. If you use Lust Manipulation to brainwash some monsters and make them guard the dungeons, it should be enough.

"Here comes the worst part of this job" Femradiel said and then sighed.

While pretty much everyone was thinking that she was planning to do something sketchy with those powers, Femradiel really hated using it like that. She was that prideful, after all. Instead of using such indirect ways, she was the type who would decimate the enemies with brute strength. In any case, she began to work while Isis hid her presence.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1