Chapter 866: Discovery

Chapter 866: Discovery

Femradiel's plan relied on the effect of the hammer from the very beginning. While she didn't know everything about Aphrodite's powers, she knew when she would have the best moment to attack her it was when she was at her strongest point when she uses Self replication. Just like the fact that all the replicas can use and have their own invisible shields and spears, and just like the fact that the exhaustion of all replicas is transferred to the original in the end, their damage is also sent to the original. So, Aphrodite received the damage that knocked down all fifteen copies.

Another important factor of Femradiel's plan was the fact that she had charged the hammer even before the fight. She asked Isis to help her with that. Hephaestus didn't warn Aphrodite because he didn't know the effects of that weapon. He couldn't use magic in that state, after all. Another thing that Femradiel did was to make the hammer glow, the hammer doesn't glow when he is charged, and he only made that to fool Aphrodite.

"I bet that I would survive this thanks to my blood and spirit of a dragon, but the next time I want to come up with a better plan," Femradiel sighed and then decided to use Seal on Aphrodite. "Ah I did it again."

Pure Love Crossbow (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: It Grant's you the power to charm targets that have lower willpower than yours. Once they are hit, they will be charmed forever. It causes ten percent more damage against elder gods.

Dexterity + 2000, Intelligence + 2000

Durability: 2500/ 2500

"What the heck Ryan will surely look at me with dubious eyes once he sees this," Femradiel said and then sighed.

Congratulations! For defeating Aphrodite, you have become a Level one Lady of Love!

You obtained the following skills: Self-Replication, Love Dimension, and Sweet Voice.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Self-Replication: It grants you the power to create replicas. The number of replicas that can be summoned will rely on the level of the skill. All replicas shade the same health, mana, and stamina.

Love Dimension: It grants you the power to materialize and use love like a tool in a dimension beyond the physical

Sweet Voice: It grants you the power to affect the enemies or the surroundings with your voice. The level of the skill determines how much you can affect others using your voice.

"Those are some incredibly useful skills, not to mention, only Sweet Voice consumes mana" Femradiel nodded to herself in satisfaction.

"To think that I would lose to someone like you" Aphrodite said.

"Considering how you are full of yourself, I am pretty sure you would say the same thing to any other person who might have defeated you," Femradiel frowned. "Anyway, there is no need to feel bad about this. I am not going to use you to do anything shady. Anyway, can I have your cooperation, or I will have to put you and Lilith alone in a room for who knows how many hours?"

Aphrodite didn't even try to answer that question. Nothing good would come out of it for her if she tried. In any case, Femradiel couldn't help but wonder it was already pretty dark, probably around midnight, but there were no signs of Isis. Not to mention, they stayed unconscious for so many hours, and not a single elder god tried to approach

"I can't return without Isis, she might need my help, but I can't sense her presence anywhere" Femradiel rubbed her chin thoughtfully.

It wouldn't be weird if the opponent this time had erected a barrier just like Aphrodite did. Femradiel recalled that while she was fighting Hades, Isis's presence disappeared for a while, after all.

"I might as well try to level up some of the skills I just gained for efficiency's sake," Femradiel said and then created a replica to transport to the Void World. "What? When did the spell was undone?"

Femradiel opened her eyes widely when she noticed that Void World was no longer active. Did the damage of the attack she used to defeat Aphrodite did that? After summoning Soul Eater, Femradiel used Clairvoyance to check on Ryan, but he was no longer in that special room. She couldn't even feel his presence in Cairo

"Oh, shit I have to" Femradiel began to bit her nails in exasperation.

"Calm down, your dear Ryan is fine," Loki said via Telepathy.

"Loki what did you do?" Femradiel clenched her fists tightly.

"Why does everyone assume I always do something? That is a rhetorical question, by the way. I know that they have obvious reasons to assume that," Loki said. "The truth is, I stumbled into a problem earlier, and when I tried to inform you and the others, I found that you were unconscious, Athena was busy, and Isis had disappeared. So, I asked Ryan to do something about that problem."

"He still is sick, you bastard!" Femradiel raised her voice. "He will need more time to rest!"

"Not exactly. He obtained a power that will help him recover faster," Loki said. "Regardless, the problem is more serious than you can imagine, and Ryan didn't think twice if going to solve it."

"Stop beating around the bush and just tell what the hell happened," Femradiel said.

"Well, the truth is, I was planning to attack the back of Norse gods' army pretty early on to spread confusion and make the Greek gods more eager to fight," Loki said. "But then I noticed that two important figures and their armies were missing. They were Odin and Balder. I had a hard time finding them. Odin is always causing me trouble, seriously."

"Loki" Femradiel said ominously. "Don't tell that you sent Ryan to fight someone like Odin alone"

"Well, funny thing," Loki said. "I only told where Odin was, and the rest Ryan decided by himself. As far as I could tell, Odin and Baldr's army were going to attack the back of a certain army. They were facing Baal's army."

Femradiel bit her lips in exasperation when she heard that Ryan returned to America to prevent from his old friends from being ambushed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1