Chapter 868: Elemental Drake

Chapter 868: Elemental Drake

After Loki explained the matter about Odin and Baldr, Ryan couldn't help but frown. That timing was just weird after all, he just learned about their kids being killed by Daniel. Did Loki hear that and came up with an excuse to cause trouble for Ryan? If that were the case, Loki wasn't as smart as Ryan assumed.

"Your timing is even more suspicious than usual, Loki," Ryan said. "In any case, is Femradiel all right?"

"Yes, you can rest assured," Loki said. "She defeated Aphrodite and just has to seal her. Due to her attack, both of them suffered grave wounds, but I made sure to hide their presence once that happened. Regardless, we are out of time. If you intend to do something, I can free you from the Void World. I am busy, so I can only do this now."

"All right then, do it," Ryan said.

Suddenly, the whole space cracked like glass, and those pieces began to fall, revealing a completely dark world. That was probably Ryan's consciousness. Hopefully, he will open his eyes soon enough, and that will disappear. As much as that was annoying, it only happened when all the pieces of glass fell and shattered.

After blinking a few times, Ryan recognized the ceiling of that room in Cairo. Aside from Furball, who was sleeping on the left side of the bed, Ryan couldn't see anyone in the room. It seemed that everyone had recovered

"What is this?" Ryan said when he saw that his eyesight was a bit cloudy, and then he touched his forehead. "Not completely fine yet, huh"

"It looks like your condition would be completely healed by tomorrow morning. Unfortunately, we don't have time," Loki said.

"Well, whatever, I am going," Ryan said. "Do you have any tip for me about how to defeat those two?"

"Hahaha, that was a good one," Loki said. "I can't imagine you defeating even Baldr, and you want to defeat them at the same time? Your arrogance is even troubling me now."

"So, you don't know how to defeat them," Ryan said.

"Don't be silly, of course. I devised plans on how to deal with all the elder gods," Loki said. "However, since they are my plans, I don't want to share them with you. I can give you some tips about how to deal with Baldr, but I want to defeat Odin myself."

"Yeah, right" Ryan said and then looked away, showing a bored expression.

"You have the right to doubt me, but that is the truth," Loki said. "Anyway, Baldr is quite the fight, his ferocity only losses to Thor's, even though he doesn't use any real weapons. Aside from his stupidly high healing factor, you need to watch out for his physical attacks that, upon contact, will ignore your defense. The trick is not to let the fight extend for too long. Overwhelm him with a single attack."

"What a basic plan. I guess I was expecting much from the god of mischief," Ryan shrugged.

"Hahaha, I won't fall for that one," Loki said. "Anyway, I wish you luck. Hopefully, your old friends won't be exterminated too fast, and Baldr's death will make Odin retreat."

After saying that, Loki canceled Telepathy. Considered that both of them probably wanted to kill Daniel and his allies because of the death of their descendants and because they could become troublesome in the future, Ryan doubted that any of them will retreat, but he will have to force them.

"So, that is Loki" The sphere said. "I need to update the information I have about him, considering this conversation you had."

"You didn't know him?" Ryan asked.

"My data was based on his actions. I don't have any registers of him talking with anyone," The sphere said.

Ryan used Clairvoyance and then checked things around the underground base, and he found that the people there still were fighting the demons of Baal's army. However, things looked pretty dire. Ryan used Search, and he found Zoe and Arthur fighting side by side. Zoe was as tall as Mia, and Arthur looked like a twelve-year-old boy. They grew a lot in the last few months Ryan could see many people dying, even though their numbers increased since the last time. Things could become even worse once Baal joins the fight.

Ryan checked the other areas for a massive concentration of monsters, and then he found some trails that led him to Columbus, Ohio. In there, Ryan frowned when he saw an army of silver-colored Drakes.

Elemental Drake  Lv Max

Health: 105.000

Mana: 47.000

Stamina: 76.000

Strength: 1500

Dexterity: 4500

Speed: 7000

Intelligence: 4000

Endurance: 12000

Control: 2000

Mentality: 9000

Luck: 2000

Recovery: 30000

Willpower: 9000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Ice Touch Lv Max, Fiery Touch Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv Max, Enhanced Strength Lv Max, Augmented Intelligence Lv Max, Health Boost Lv 550

Spells: Ice Breath Lv 750, Fire Breath Lv 750, Electric Breath Lv 750

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Fire Immunity Lv 650, Shock Resistance Lv 600, Wind Resistance Lv 650

"Hmm those are way stronger than Femradiel's Drake," Ryan frowned.

Ryan couldn't find any sign of Baldr and Odin. Still, it was evident that they will show up once Daniel and the others began to fight and annihilate his army. Right now, Daniel's team was dashing forward the horde of minions and smashing them to bits, and no demon could stop them. Ryan assumed that he was far ahead in terms of status if compared to them, but it seemed that wasn't true.

"At that speed, those Drakes will reach Indianapolis in five to six hours" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Loki said that I can't face Odin and Baldr at the same time, much less win, but if I attack their arms there, they will definitely show up. Unfortunately, it isn't like I don't have any other choice."

Putting aside Zoe and Mia, who were almost at the same level as Daniel's team and could fight the demons easily, Arthur was just a kid who was forced to grow faster than any other. While he could fight, he still didn't have much experience the sword he was trying to swing around was even bigger than him.

"I guess he is trying to imitate Daniel The worst person that he could learn anything from," Ryan said and then sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1