Chapter 867: News

Chapter 867: News

"Mark my words, Loki if something were to happen to Ryan, you wouldn't have a clean death," Femradiel said.

"Wow, so scary" Loki said. "Anyway, you shouldn't try to help him. If you make your presence even more obvious, I won't be able to fool the enemies."

"As if I would listen to you," Femradiel frowned.

"Well, you should, after all" Loki said, and then Femradiel could feel a lot of amusement coming from his voice.

---- ----

A few hours prior

" Are you telling me that two other people had you and this opportunity, but they still lost you?" Ryan frowned after he heard what the sphere said.

"That is correct, they had potential since they became the strongest humans at some point, but they got carried away," The sphere said. "They had innate talent thanks to their blood, and they put a lot of effort, but then, they were killed."

"What do you mean by their blood? And who killed them?" Ryan asked.

"They were demi-gods, to some extent," The sphere said. "Before they left this world a long time ago, some of the elder gods left children that were half-human and half-gods behind. Those two were direct descendants of Odin and Baldr. One of them had an inapt talent to control lightning. The other could regenerate even lost limbs in a matter of hours without relying on magic. While they didn't work for the gods, they eventually started to cause trouble to humans. So, around six weeks ago, they were killed by a man called Daniel."

"Daniel it has to be a coincidence," Ryan said.

"No, it isn't," The sphere said. "It is the same Daniel that you are acquainted with. Apparently, he is also someone who was born with some blood of the elder gods. He is a direct descendant of Hercules, and thus Zeus."

That had to be some kind of joke how can life be so unfair? The guy was tall, good-looking, charismatic, and not completely stupid and still even was a descendant of Zeus? That only gave Ryan more reason to hate him.

"Come to think of it he had gotten considerably stronger the last time I saw him," Ryan said. "Was it because of that? What kind of special abilities does he have?"

"I can inform you the skills of those who had already fallen, but I can't openly say the skills of other top-rank humans," The sphere said.

"Even if you say that, I already know that is a skill related to hunting dragons, and considering that he defeated two demi-gods, he can probably cause divine damage as well," Ryan said. "Nevertheless, let's see if you aren't telling lies about your power. Can you show me a list of low-level classes that I don't have and how much mana do I need to give you to obtain those?"

"Certainly," The sphere said.

Pirate  25.000 mana points

Swashbuckler - 35.000 mana points

Medic, 40.000 mana points

Scout - 45.000 mana points

Oracle - 50.000 mana points

Engineer - 50.000 mana points

A list appeared in front of Ryan's face, and it was pretty long. As expected, he had neglected the low-level classes quite a bit since he discovered the existence of the high-level ones. Even though those would be easier to level up and would eventually grant special classes. In any case, the cost in the mana of those skills was pretty low. If he uses Draconic Transformation alone, he will have enough mana to gain several of those.

"Let's start with Pirate," Ryan said.

"Are you sure you want to exchange 25.000 mana points for the Pirate class?" The sphere asked.

"Yes," Ryan replied.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Pirate!

You obtained the following skills: Barrage, Currency Damage, and Happy Pirate.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Barrage.

Effect: When using firearms, it grants you the power to fire additional bullets every time you pull the trigger and ignores the limits of the weapon. One additional bullet will be fire for each level of the skill.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Currency Damage.

Effect: By activating this skill, you obtain the power to cause direct damage to the number of coins of the target. Your hits will cause critical damage with a one hundred percent chance when the target doesn't have any. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 20 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Happy Pirate.

Effect: It grants you the power to receive coins when attacking ships.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan frowned it looked like the weird sphere was really telling the truth all along. Things were starting to get interesting again Truth to be told, he got a little jealous when he saw Femradiel's new skills. While they seemed a bit dubious, now she had an infinite supply of mana. While she couldn't fill her mana bar instantly, she eventually will reach a level where something close to it will be possible under the right circumstances. In any case, by combining their skills, Ryan and Femradiel would truly become much more powerful in the future.

"Is this a sign of" Ryan hesitated.

"A sigh of what?" Loki suddenly asked.

Ryan almost had a heart attack, to think that Loki, of all people, would talk with him right now. Still, Ryan looked around and didn't find him. It didn't seem like he was using the proper means to talk.

"What do you want, Loki?" Ryan asked. "You should be busy like the others unless you are planning to backstab them."

"And I thought you had some faith in me" Loki said and then sighed. "I came to inform you that something happened. I am busy, Femradiel is out cold, Isis disappeared, and Athena is busy as well. So, only you can solve a certain problem."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1