Chapter 864: Understanding

Chapter 864: Understanding

While Ryan was having time believing in his ears. Femradiel was chasing Aphrodite and was trying to hit her head with the hammer as if that was the most fantastic sport in the world. Aphrodite had imagined that if she waits for a while, the energy in the hammer will dissipate, but things weren't that simple So, she decided to change her strategy. It really wasn't her style, but she decided to give flesh in order to break bones.

When Femradiel charged again, she noticed that Aphrodite didn't try to escape like before. She was obviously planning something. Still, that was a chance that she couldn't let that chance go. Femradiel tried to smash Aphrodite's head with all her might, but her invisible shield got in the eye. However, a massive explosion happened, and both of them were sent flying backward. But before she could move more than a few meters, Femradiel felt something piercing her back it was Aphrodite's' spear.

Aphrodite missed Femradiel's heart because the explosion messed with her stance. Despite that, her spear passed through Femradiel's stomach all the way to the other side. The pain made her almost fall unconscious, but at least she managed to grasp through Aphrodite's power when she felt her heart getting warm

When Aphrodite stopped flying, she noticed that her shield had cracked a lot. Even if it was the best items she could have, they weren't invincible. She quickly repaired, but before she could attack again, she noticed that Femradiel was completely fine. She had healed herself using a part of Lilith's power. Aphrodite could tell that because of the smell of lust in the air. That being said, she wasn't completely fine. Femradiel looked tired. It was only normal after getting wounded like that.

Still, it looked like something changed on Femradiel. She looked more focused, and her hammer was now emitting a darker aura. Aphrodite quickly realized what she was doing she was using Anger Manipulation to power up the weapon like an enchantment.

"You finally discovered, huh" Aphrodite said.

"Yes you can materialize love and use it to defend and attack as weird as that sounds," Femradiel said. "I assume that is a special ability of yours that doesn't require mana. That is why mana can't do anything against it."

Aphrodite didn't deny that and only confirmed what Femradiel discovered. Most people learn that too late, but she understood everything since Femradiel survived getting hit and almost killed by a spear made of her materialized love. While it wasn't the same thing, Femradiel could use divinity against Aphrodite's love, as well as she could use any other feeling that she could materialize. That was supposed to cause more damage against her shield.

Aphrodite couldn't believe that her love could lose to Femradiel's anger. Still, she was fully aware that she might receive more damage the next time Femradiel charges the hammer for long enough. She wasn't exactly sturdy, nor was she used to fighting for so long like that. So, she had to finish her as fast as possible.

When Femradiel dashed toward her, Aphrodite did the same to surprise her. However, instead of attacking with her spear, Aphrodite teleported to get closer to Femradiel and then touched her in the stomach. Femradiel used Teleport to escape imagining that something else was going to happen, but nothing actually happened. Instead of that, she found Aphrodite smiling in the same place. The next moment, Femradiel felt her mana being drained from her stomach, and a terrible smell was coming from it.

"What is this?" Femradiel covered her nose since the smell was too nauseating.

"A little something that I used a few times in the past on those that refused to pay my tribute," Aphrodite replied. "Aphrodite's Curse a spell that uses the mana of the cursed ones to create a terrible smell emanates the area. Originally, it made half of the population of an island have a lot of trouble. The women emanated the smell, and their husbands refused to lay with them. After that, they cheated on them, and they have gone mad and killed all the men on the island. Naturally, those women refused to pay me tribute. I made some changes, and now this smell has the sole purpose of either suffocate you to death or go mad. Either way, it works fine for me. Just so you know, the smell is completely useless against me."

Femradiel clenched her teeth in annoyance. She didn't expect that kind of attack coming from Aphrodite. Still, the fight wasn't over yet. Even with one hand alone, Femradiel could pull that off. She was certain of it.

Femradiel dashed toward Aphrodite, but she just teleported away. It seemed that she didn't want to fight anymore. Just wait would be enough. Femradiel clicked her tongue when she noticed that the smell was making her feel dizzy, even though she wasn't breathing using the nose or the mouth.

"Waiting for her to use that won't be enough. I will have to force her" Femradiel thought.

Femradiel suddenly teleported to above Aphrodite and then used Draconic Bow. Aphrodite's shield worked on time to protect her, but despite that, the explosion forced her to move downward. When all the smoke and dust disappeared, Aphrodite saw Femradiel holding Soul Eater, and then she used Draconic Bow again.

Aphrodite clicked her tongue in annoyance, and it was starting to lose her composure. She decided to teleport and escape from the attacks. Still, Femradiel predicted her movements, or maybe it was just her reflexes either way, the very moment Aphrodite tried to escape, Femradiel would appear close by. While her level of divinity still was low, Aphrodite could see her shield getting damaged at a fearsome rate. Unless she has enough time and the chance to repair it completely, she couldn't do it. Without any other choice, Aphrodite decided to use her trump card Self-Replication.

At a certain point, Aphrodite teleported upward to the limits of the barrier she had erected, and after she did that, her body began to shine after a few moments, the glow separated from her body, and another Aphrodite appeared. Femradiel faked some surprise when those two became four, but deep down, she was smirking.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1