Chapter 863: Forgotten Voice Orb

Chapter 863: Forgotten voice orb

While Femradiel was trying to hit Aphrodite with the hammer, Ryan was about to have a pleasant surprise. Those were hard to come by lately. At least that was what Ryan felt, considering that he had to let monsters attack him day and night just for him to wake up faster. Who could have thought that to make his body healthier, he would have to punish his mind?

Congratulations! The class Dark Knight has reached the max level

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a particular class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Death Knight, Saint Knight, and Dark Knight? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Mad Knight. You learned the skills: Supernatural Slash, Possession, and Damnation. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by twelve points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by six points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Supernatural Slash.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a beam of energy by using a sword as a vessel. The damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + your strength. You will recover your health, mana, and stamina by one percent of the damage caused per level.

Cost: 5000 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Possession.

Effect: By activating this skill, you can let the souls of the fallen warriors on the battlefield takeover of a part of your mind. Over time, they will consume your health, mana, and stamina, but each spirit will increase all of your statuses by one hundred points. The level of the skill determines how many spirits can possess you.

Cost: 500 health, mana, and stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Damnation.

Effect: It grants you the power to use the fallen souls and create a massive sphere of energy that can cause damage based on the number of souls. Attention, the souls used will be completely destroyed.

You obtained 01 status point.

"What a scary class and skills..." Ryan frowned. "Well, at least they seem useful enough, despite their risks."

Congratulations! You have become the strongest human! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to keep your rank and in order not to lose your reward! Only the strongest human can keep it!

Current Rank: 1st

You obtained Forgotten Voice Orb.

"What?" Ryan muttered, completely surprised.

It has been a while since Ryan saw his rank changing, and those changes only happened when he cleared a dungeon. That was why that change was suspicious according to the system, only killing monsters and clearing dungeons mattered when it comes to the rank, and Ryan didn't do any of those in quite a while.

"What the hell is this for?" Ryan frowned when a dark sphere that was floating in front of him appeared.

"Hello, Ryan," The sphere said. "It is nice to meet you."

Ryan ignored it and tried to use Appraisal on the sphere, but it didn't work. Things were getting weirder and weirder by the minute Another thing that Ryan noticed was the fact that the sphere didn't emit any mana. It didn't seem like a machine either, so Ryan couldn't understand how it could fly.

"Did you understand me, Ryan?" The sphere asked. "Am I speaking using the correct tongue?"

"Yes, you are what are you anyway?" Ryan asked.

"I am the orb of the Forgotten Voice," The sphere said. "That is the name of the person who created me gave me anyway. My previous owner called me "annoying ball," and the other before that called me "stomachache." You can refer to me as you see fit. I won't mind any names, even if they are insults."

"Well, I would mind I am not a wait, who created you?" Ryan asked.

"I cannot answer that," The sphere said. "It goes against the principles that I was created with."

"Is that so I assume any question related to your creator is confidential," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, can you answer me if the rank system was part of the mana system from the very beginning?"

"Yes, I can. The answer is no," The sphere said. "My creator added this feature on the system without the original creator of the system notice it."

"  I see, he is quite the secretive fellow," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Regardless, why he added that?"

"To help humans with rewards and for me to be able to stick around with the most appropriate master," The sphere said.

"Why help humans, and why do you need to help humans?" Ryan asked. "Well, not like I am complaining or anything."

"That is confidential," The sphere said.

" Which actions and creations of your creator can tell me?" Ryan asked.

"I can say that he also created the class system and that he put the knowledge of the classes in the dungeons to help you, humans," The sphere replied. "However, it seemed that my creator made a few miscalculations."

"What kind of miscalculations?" Ryan asked.

"By giving your people that they should only be able to obtain after training for countless years, he sped up the return of the elder gods and dungeon masters," The sphere replied. "However, that isn't the only thing that made that happen."

"Aren't you just giving excuses for the miscalculations of your creator?" Ryan asked.

"You can think that is the case if you wish so," The sphere said. "That being said, it is irrefutable the idea that the arrival of the dragons also changed the final destiny of this world."

"So, your creator and the person who summoned the dragons aren't the same person?" Ryan asked.

"That is correct," The sphere replied.

Deep down, Ryan always wished that they would be the same person that would make things much more straightforward, after all. In any case, Ryan couldn't imagine a world where he would have survived without the classes, but what if the dragons hadn't come as well? That way, he wouldn't have met Femradiel it was better not to think about that.

"So, you are here to help me, huh," Ryan asked. "How can you do that?"

"My creator is the person who created the classes. So, If you give me enough mana, I can pass to you the knowledge of all classes and make them level up as well with the skills," The sphere said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1