Chapter 861: Neat

Chapter 861: Neat

Several hours had passed since the start of the fight. Even though she had gotten considerably stronger, Femradiel didn't learn much more about Aphrodite's power or even scratch her. On the other hand, Aphrodite noticed a long time ago that Femradiel was getting stronger, but she didn't seem worried in the least. That was quite weird considering that the other Greek gods were still fighting indirectly, but they were still fighting.

"She didn't strike me as a calm fighter but I guess she is only hot-blooded with things related to love" Femradiel muttered while making a troubled expression.

That fight was dragging for too long, and it was the same as giving the enemies the chance to intervene. Fortunately, that didn't happen until now, but who knows if things will keep going that way forever Femradiel had to deal with Aphrodite as soon as possible.

"I can't risk using my strongest attack right now since it will drain all my mana," Femradiel thought. "So, I will have to improvise while I try to cause damage and learn more about her powers."

Femradiel began to teleport around at supersonic speeds. While Aphrodite seemed like a sensorial type since she fought with her eyes closed during the whole fight, she could only be so fast while relying on reflexes and her weird magic alone. Little by little, Femradiel approached, and when she finally entered Aphrodite's range. However, Femradiel was suddenly hit by something invisible, and that sent her flying to the left side.

Congratulations! Your Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Femradiel clicked her tongue when she stopped moving and saw that message. The system didn't alert her of what kind of attack Aphrodite used, but at least she learned that everything ten meters around here, she could attack near instantly.

"The shape of what hit me was round?" Femradiel frowned.

If Femradiel didn't know any better, she would have said that a shield hit her, but was it possible to create an invisible shield without using mana that still could affect the physical world? Before Femradiel could think more about that, Death Sense warned her again, and this time she teleported to the side instead of just flying. Little by little, Femradiel was learning more about Aphrodite's powers. They obviously had some limitations. Otherwise, she would have killed Femradiel when she just tried to move to the sides. Since she didn't do it, most likely, the sharp thing she used before couldn't split and attack her from many angles. As for the round thing that seemed like a shield, it had a limited range.

"I just need to know what those are made of, and then I will be able to act more and put my plan into action" Femradiel furrowed her eyebrows.

As if she was trying to prevent Femradiel from analyzing too much of her skills, Aphrodite finally opened her eyes, and then they emitted a weird glint that made Femradiel feel hot all over her body. However, she solved that by using Lust Manipulation.

"I suppose lust is only one of the results of love and charm" Femradiel sighed.

In any case, Femradiel decided to experiment with something. So, even though that wouldn't change her overall capabilities, she used Transform and then assumed her previous ice dragon form. Without wasting any more time, she used Ice Breath and also used Mana Manipulation to increase its power. Thanks to the massive Ice Breath, she is the shape of the thing that was protecting Aphrodite. Just as she had imagined, it was round, and it also had ten meters of radius. Aphrodite couldn't help but frown slightly, considering that Femradiel managed to find the exact proportions of her invisible shield. However, that was a minor detail. Aphrodite still knew that her shield and her spear were unlockable. She also made the spear pass through the Ice Breath and show its shape with that in mind.

Before she could get hit, Femradiel looked at the path in the Ice Breath. She did go as far as letting it touch her just so that she could see from which direction the invisible was coming from it came from behind the shield and probably from Aphrodite.

Once again, the invisible spear almost reached Femradiel's heart, but she used Teleport at the last minute to evade it. However, once she returned to her human form, she noticed that the bleeding would be a problem. She quickly healed herself, but then she felt her body getting hot just like before no, the power of charm was much more intense. She had combined both of her powers

Femradiel quickly used an enhanced Purification with the power of Mana Manipulation, and she recovered some of her reason. She thought that she slowly understood Aphrodite's powers, but it seemed that she still had many cards up her sleeve. Regardless, Aphrodite used her invisible spear again, and Femradiel resumed the tactic of teleporting around as if that was the only thing she could do. When she got satisfied with her speed, she began to fire arrows as well, but it didn't matter the angle, all of her projectiles were blocked. She was teleporting so fast that sometimes five to six arrows that he fired at different points hit Aphrodite's shield. However, thanks to that, Femradiel learned another thing The spear was controlled by Aphrodite, but the shield wasn't.

She discovered that when Aphrodite tried to pierce from above, but she missed by a large margin. As for the shield, it never failed to protect her Femradiel decided to put the first part of her plan into motion. After teleporting around and attacking with Long Mithril Bow of the Excitement, she suddenly summoned the Absolute Death Crossbow and began to fire. As expected, every time Femradiel pulled the trigger, a concentrated explosion happened right in front of where the shield was supposed to be. However, each attack got closer and closer after all, that weapon caused extra damage against elder gods and had a high level of divinity. Aphrodite's tricks were neat, but they weren't invincible

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1