Chapter 869: No Name

Chapter 869: No name

Ryan considered his possibilities. Fighting alone, Odin, was impossible, at least according to Loki. Fighting Odin and Baldr then it would be no different than suicide. On the other hand, if he doesn't attack now, their armies will attack the backline of the people in the underground base.

"Why do I have to clean that asshole's mess?" Ryan asked and then facepalmed. "It is unavoidable since those two might be in danger, but still what do you think I should do what is your name again?"

"I have no name," The sphere said.

"What do you want me to call you?" Ryan asked.

"A proper name considering your data as a basis, I assume you really want me to have a name," The sphere said. "How about Merlin?"

"Why Merlin?" Ryan asked.

"It is the name of the legendary magician who helped the legendary King Arthur," The sphere said. "I would like to think that I am pretty smart as well."

"I am not sure about that, but you sure sound smug," Ryan said. "All right then, Merlin. What do you think I should do? You are made to help the strongest human, right? Then, it is time to show that."

"Considering your status, skills, battle experience, I would say that fighting Odin and Baldr at the same time really is a stupid thing to do," Merlin said. "You should fight only against one of them and with a proper battle plan. Still, I suppose that if you can't take Odin, the other humans in that country won't be able to buy you enough time. Based on a few simulations considering all the data I have, only a miracle can help you solve this problem."

"You are proving to be more useful than I expected" Ryan said and then sighed again.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Archmage!

You obtained the following skills: Magic Power Amplification, Force Focus, and Spell Reading.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Power Amplification.

Effect: By activating this skill, it grants you a bonus of ten percent per level of damage on the next magic attack.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Force Focus.

Effect: It grants you the power to change your status for a short amount of time and increasing your intelligence by decreasing others. The amount transferred will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by one hundred.

Cost: 200 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spell Reading.

Effect: Upon recognizing certain spells, it grants you the power to decrease the damage caused. The decrease in damage will be equal to two hundred points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan summoned his Soul Eater and then transferred some mana after checking for a moment the list of classes Merlin could give him. While it wasn't as impressive as special classes, Ryan felt really interested in the Spell Reading skill. That might come in handy when fighting Odin since Baldr was just a brawler with divine powers.

Ryan wished that he had more time to increase his powers, but he decided to hurry up back home in order to stop the army of millions of Drakes by himself if he had to. Thanks to the mana in Soul Eater, he appeared in front of the Drakes after using Teleport only a single time, and the creatures couldn't help but flinch when they saw his eyes and felt the aura that he was emanating.

Congratulations! The skill Teleport has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Teleport has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Teleport has leveled up.

Ryan summoned thirty magic bows, and then he began the massacre. As if a cannon of suddenly appeared in front of the army, dozens of monsters were killed in just a few moments. The monsters stopped their advance, but they began to fight back thousands of projectiles were fired toward Ryan, and he looked and recognized most of them. Despite that, Ryan let Lightning Bolts, Flamethrowers, and Ice Spears hit him.

Congratulations! The skill Spell Reading has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Conversion has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Spell Reading has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Conversion has leveled up.

Even though he was receiving damage even more than when he was training, Ryan ignored the pain and let Conversion help him refill his mana. The pain was annoying. It was fine because he was recovering much more mana than he was receiving, not to mention, he could use Full-Heal pretty much whenever he wants to.

"Ah I suppose using Draconic Transformation will help me more," Ryan said.

However, Ryan realized that it would reveal his presence to everyone who had decent tracking skills. Most likely, even on the other side of the world, the elder gods will notice him and try to intervene. Many of them wanted him dead, after all. Still was troublesome, but Ryan decided to stay like that. After all, his real goal was to prevent that army from reaching Indianapolis.

Upon noticing what Ryan was planning, the monsters tried to move to the sides further away from him and then advance. However, they had no idea of Ryan's range Those that tried to escape from him ended up being hit by Ice Spears that appeared out of nowhere right above them. Despite their elemental resistances, they were beheaded whenever they got hit.

Congratulations! The class: Archmage has reached level 02.

Congratulations! The class: Archmage has reached level 03.

Congratulations! The class: Archmage has reached level 04.

It seemed that Ryan was going to have an easy time leveling that class up, but then he felt a shiver, and Death Sense warned him from the danger as well. Before Ryan could use Teleport, however, a massive lightning bolt suddenly fell over him. The powerful electric discharge paralyzed him for a few moments, but in the end, Ryan survived he had several wounds, and his body was emitting an incredibly amount of heat, but he survived an attack that was supposed to one-shot him if he were the same of one month ago.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1