Chapter 865: Success

Chapter 865: Success

In the end, Aphrodite quickly had fifteen copies. While she could create an infinite amount of those, the skill had some downsides. Once she cancels the skill, all the exhaustion of the copies will be transferred to the original. Aphrodite particularly disliked the shoulder pain that she had to deal with after she used it.

Maybe it was due to the fact that her possibilities increased, or it was because she never lost using that power of her. Still, in the end, Aphrodite stared down Femradiel with a smug expression. That was a common mistake for people who aren't used to fighting they take their time showing off how superior they were in terms of skills and raw power.

Instead of using her main body, Aphrodite controlled the others to attack Femradiel while using their spears. As insane as that looked, each copy had the same shield and spear. So, she began to attack Femradiel relentlessly, and she didn't have to make her copies move all that much. After all, the barrier wasn't that big, and the spears had a fifty meters range.

Femradiel dodged the attacks by teleporting like before. However, even at her top speed, she was barely dodging so many invisible spears. Little by little, she was getting scratched and losing blood. Femradiel summoned several magic copies of the Spiritualist's Crossbow and then fired toward Aphrodite clones. Still, all of them were blocked with their invisible shields.

Once again, Femradiel felt dizzy. The smell was starting to get troublesome so, Femradiel equipped her hammer and prepared to block some of the spears. However, Aphrodite wasn't even a single bit worried about the possibility of her charging the hammer. Instead of that, she made sure that several of her spears would hit the same point and give Femradiel the chance to attack it. Meanwhile, she would get hit from behind. Aphrodite's plan was simple but highly effective

When the first attacks landed, Femradiel decided to block them with the hammer. Still, then three other spears came to attack Femradiel from behind. Much to Aphrodite's surprise, Femradiel blocked those too she summoned Thanatos' scythe and made it spin. In the end, only weapons at that level could do that. Femradiel flew and tried to approach the original body of Aphrodite, but the copies got in her way. Teleporting wouldn't help since they were almost at the ceiling of the barrier. Regardless, ten of the copies used their spears and then tried to pierce Femradiel all at the same time, but she blocked the attack with the hammer. Unfortunately, she had to pay the price. The impact cracked the bones of her arms and made her fall to the ground. The result opened a massive crater that was almost one hundred meters wide. Femradiel quickly got up, but even her legs received considerable damage. She used Full Heal, but it will take some time for his bones to mend. Blocking several attacks of that level was no longer possible, but Femradiel still prepared to fight.

When the next spears approached, Femradiel attacked two of them, but the other three still pierced her legs. She had expected that Aphrodite would attack the same place and make the bones of her arms torn into dust, but it seems that she wants to see her suffering a bit more. That became evident when Femradiel saw the face of ecstasy of Aphrodite.

"Are you ready to change your mind?" Aphrodite asked.

"You still offer me that?" Femradiel asked while frowning. "Being merciful is one thing, but being stupid is another. Still, I suppose that question might be just a trap to make me drop my guard."

"It may be," Aphrodite said. "Well, then, let's finish this."

"Let's" Femradiel said and then let out a long sigh since it was finally time to put her plan into action.

Instead of preparing to use Draconic Arrows, Femradiel used all her mana to reinforce her hammer. At the same time, she began to control her stamina and activated Concentrate Strike. Aphrodite didn't want to believe that Femradiel was going to try that on her condition. Not only would it only make her waste time, but it also would damage her body even further It was insane.

Aphrodite sighed and then decided to finish things off. It had been fun at the beginning, but now she was only doing her job as her position demanded. To make sure that Femradiel will die after her stupid attack, Aphrodite positioned all the copies in front of her and then attacked. When she felt the spears getting close enough, Femradiel swung her hammer and let all the energy inside explode.

From a distance, it looked like a piece of the sun had fallen on Earth. Istanbul, the capital of Turkey, was enveloped by light when Femradiel let the energy stored in the hammer explode. Even though the barrier was supposed to prevent everything from leaving and entering, in the end, even that disappeared. The shockwave caused by the impact made monsters, humans, and dungeon masters feel that even when they were thousands of kilometers away from the battlefield.

Pretty much everyone who noticed that decided not to check what had happened there. After all, only two elder gods fighting would be able to cause so much destruction. Regardless, only after several hours, the dust began to disperse, and everyone could see what was left somehow, the capital wasn't destroyed, probably because the barrier prevented the energy from dispersing. Thanks to that, Femradiel and Aphrodite suffered massive amounts of damage, as well as the fact that they created an enormous hole on the ground that one couldn't find the end of.

Almost unrecognizable, Femradiel was lying on the ground covered in wounds and with ninety percent of her bones broken. Despite that, she opened her eyes and then quickly got up and looked for Aphrodite. Almost falling on the hole, Femradiel found Aphrodite. She also was unrecognizable. Their beauty was nowhere to be found. In fact, she looked like a humanoid creature who had been tortured and burned. However, she was still alive Femradiel's plan actually worked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1