Chapter 862: A Bloody Fool

Chapter 862: A bloody fool

Aphrodite's calm expression finally disappeared when her invisible shield was slowly but surely being pushed backward. However, Femradiel noticed that the shield suddenly stopped retreating At the same time, Aphrodite stopped trying to attack her with the invisible spear.

"Is it a trap, or is she using the spear to help the shield?" Femradiel furrowed her eyebrows.

Even though she had to use more mana, Femradiel increased the speed of her attacks, but that didn't help. Slowly, she began to approach Aphrodite, but the shield followed her whenever she got too close. Even when she tried to hit Aphrodite's back with the crossbow and then attack the front herself, the shield was always there to get in the way.

Regardless, Femradiel had another trick to make Aphrodite lose her range of defense and attack. She stored away the Absolute Death Crossbow and then used the Vengeful Sea Crossbow the bolts made of water appeared a few centimeters away from Aphrodite. Still, before they could hit her, something else protected her body, and Femradiel could tell that it wasn't her shield.

"She is surprisingly cautious to think that she would have a last line of defense so close to her body" Femradiel furrowed her eyebrows.

As if she had gotten sick of that, Aphrodite flew toward Femradiel and then attacked using her spear. Femradiel hid behind a semi-destroyed apartment, but the spear pierced it like it was made of butter. Femradiel used the dust to disappear, but the very moment she used Mana Concealment and tried to run, Aphrodite almost hit her and opened a hole in the ground. The area trembled, and Femradiel realized that Aphrodite really was a sensorial type fighter.

Aphrodite insisted on pursuing Femradiel, but she was having a hard time finishing her off. When Feramdiel focused on dodging, it was clear who had the advantage in terms of speed. Using the same weapon won't work on Femradiel despite that, Aphrodite insisted.

"I didn't think she would insist on this for so long well, in a sense, this works for me," Femradiel thought while she was flying and moving away from Aphrodite.

Femradiel was gaining more status each minute, so his mana pool was growing in size as well. While it was only temporary, she would need all the help she could get to be able to deliver the final blow once she had the chance.

Once again, Femradiel noticed that Aphrodite was running out of patience that happened when the Greek goddess of love finally stopped moving as if she couldn't care less about the result of the fight. Femradiel frowned, but then she raised her guard when Aphrodite opened her mouth. Some weird vibrations left her mouth, and then those began to spread around the town. While Femradiel wasn't receiving damage, she could tell that the little vegetation that survived the last year was starting to die. That wasn't a good sign, so Femradiel tried to move away from Aphrodite, but unfortunately Teleport didn't work.

"Why is everyone but us able to do this?" Femradiel asked and then sighed.

This time, Femradiel could feel the barrier made of mana that Aphrodite had created. It was like five hundred meters wide and tall. So, still, there was plenty of space for her to move for now. Just like Hades, she probably makes her version of a domain to shrink, and that would be the best-case scenario for Aphrodite. Before she could have the chance to do so, Femradiel decided that it was time to put the second part of her plan in action, it was kind of a nasty thing to do, and Femradiel really felt troubled when she decided to use it but in the end, she actually summoned the Mithril Hammer of the Destruction.

"Aphrodite my love, my reason to live" Hephaestus said.

"You fool not only you ignore the Olympian gods, you still let yourself be defeated and captured like this," Aphrodite said. "You are a disgrace to all the other gods of Olympus."

In the end, Hephaestus couldn't help but just grunt in pain. It seemed that he received some massive damage just by hearing those words from his wife. It was quite weird, though. Femradiel was pretty sure that few people got close to the number of times Hephaestus was cheated on despite that, the fool still loved her.

Putting that complicated situation aside, Femradiel prepared to fight. While holding the hammer with her two hands, Femradiel dashed toward Aphrodite, and the Greek goddess of love tried to attack her. However, much to her surprise, Femradiel swung her hammer and hit her invisible spear at the last moment. It hadn't been a lucky attack. Although Femradiel's advance was stopped, she didn't mind it. She was actually hoping to have a hard time approaching Aphrodite. While seeing how eager to get close to Femradiel was, Aphrodite used Appraisal and saw what the hammer could do. It was quite the troublesome effect

"You bloody fool even like this, you still keep causing trouble to us," Aphrodite said, visibly annoyed.

Femradiel was pretty sure that Aphrodite caused much more trouble to Hephaestus with her status as the goddess who opens her legs to almost slightly interesting men. However, it wasn't Femradiel's place to tell her that, and if Hephaestus didn't want to say it, that it only showed how pathetic he was, and he deserved to hear that much.

On the next attack, Femradiel surprised Aphrodite by using a Concentrated Strike, and this time. The impact made the hammer emit a glow. The same glow began to pulse as if it was being bombarded for a heart, but Feramdiel could tell that it was just a pretty large amount of energy stored in there that was ready to be used.

Femradiel smirked and then dashed to attack, but then when she tried to strike, Aphrodite used Teleport and appeared a few hundred meters behind her. It seemed that she was quite scared of what would happen if Femradiel unleashes all that extra energy stored. That only made Femradiel look forward to landing a direct hit even more

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1