Chapter 877: Celestial Warmage

Chapter 877: Celestial Warmage

Ryan's options were limited, but he decided to go with the one which would, without a doubt, help him. He asked Merlin about a class that could increase his all his status based on the level of the skill, and he got another surprise.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Celestial Warmage!

The Celestial Warmage class grants you the ability to take control of the energies of the sun itself to smite your enemies from above. Effects provide an enhanced burning effect with a slight holy effect.

You obtained the following skills: Smite, Solar Eclipse, and Solar Enchantment.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Smite.

Effect: Summons a single massive sunburst made of solar energy to fall from the sky. The projectile has a slow speed but covers a wide area. Deals wide area damage with an enhanced burning effect plus a slight holy effect

Cost: 2000 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Solar Eclipse.

Effect: Summons a massive disc in the air that will cover the sun from view. While you stand in the shadow of this object, you will receive a 1% bonus to all stats per level

Cost: 800 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Solar Enchantment.

Effect: Gives you the chance to add a solar enchantment to items. Enchantment will provide an enhanced burning effect with a slight holy effect equal to a percentage based on the level of the skill

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

It was weird that Ryan obtained such a class considering that it was night, but he had something else in mind when he selected that. In any case, now that Odin and Baldr were far away, Ryan was completely free to wipe out their army, and now he had another reason to do that

"You know what to do, right Merlin?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, I don't see any reason for you to be so sketchy about this," Merlin replied.

"You don't give me better options, but you still have the nerve to doubt my ideas," Ryan frowned. "I am starting to think that your creator was really a messed up guy."

"I can't deny that," Merlin said.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan teleported to the Drakes' army and began to massacre them. While flying from above with his speed, the monsters didn't have the chance to attack Ryan even a single moment. While Conversion would help Ryan quite a bit, it was too time-consuming, not to mention, he doesn't gain coins just by letting them hit him.

In the end, Ryan had the chance to do that for several hours. While being himself, he still managed to kill around two million of those creatures in just four hours. The number of his coins and mana in Soul Eater skyrocketed, but Ryan didn't use them.

"I wonder if Femradiel already woke up" Ryan muttered.

Weirdly enough, it was exactly at that moment that Search warned Ryan that Odin was finally free from Draconic Dark Ice Arrow it was a weird name as well, too long but Ryan decided to use it. In any case, Odin didn't suddenly show up, probably because the dark ice filled his body with corruption, and that would have decreased his status. So, while he was purifying his body, Ryan had time to kill the Drakes for one more hour.

When Odin returned, he made sure to do so while making one heck of an impression. He suddenly teleported to close to Earth, and then he began to create a massive rock there it seemed that he was pretty expressive with Earth magic as well since he created five hundred meters long rocks in just a few seconds. Regardless, it wasn't time to think about that. Ryan already knew what he was plotting.

"Poseidon did that as well, and both of them did seem like the types who get mad enough in a battle and try to destroy the world they are trying to conquer" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Either way, I can't let him finish that attack."

Ryan's preparations hadn't been finished yet, so he really was in a bad spot. Despite that, he flew to stop that attack. Even if Odin thinks that won't destroy the Earth, it certainly will destroy North America Ryan wouldn't let his home country be destroyed like that.

When Ryan appeared in front of Odin, he noticed that the look in his eyes had completely gone cold. Instead of just an enemy, he had to get rid of, Odin was looking at Ryan as if he was the most annoying insect he had ever met. Not to mention, the rock had become around thirty kilometers wide

"You are trying to protect that man's friends, aren't you?" Odin asked. "I also don't like to involve innocent bystanders in my fights, but people like you two need to be exterminated for the sake of the world we are trying to create."

"That reminds me, I never heard of any of the elder gods I defeated about what kind of world you people want to create," Ryan said. "Why don't you enlighten me? I am sure it is a wonderful world that completely justifies your people's necessities to fight and destroy a good part of the world and, while they are it, kill many humans."

"We want to create a world where all of us can be completely free to protect our people," Odin replied. "We can't live in a world where our people are always in danger due to the existence of the other elder gods, demons, and dungeon masters. We also want to be free from those who threaten the very existence of this universe."

"And who might those be?" Ryan asked.

"If you don't know yet, then you don't deserve to hear the truth," Odin said and then fired the rock. "Die for the sake of a better world."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1