Chapter 874: Kind Of Unfair

Chapter 874: Kind of unfair

Before Ryan could think of a way to do that Odin returned to his tactic of shock Ryan with multiple lightning bolts. That tactic was getting really old, but why stop when it still was highly effective? In any case, while he could use many other types of attacks alongside the lightning bolts, Odin decided to change his tactic a little bit he aimed his spear at Ryan, and that made him feel shivers. In the next moment, Odin swung his spear from right to the left side, and then a cut opened on Ryan's left chest.

"What" Ryan opened his eyes widely in shock.

Having a weapon that was impossible for the target to dodge was something, but attacking like that and causing so much damage without putting any effort behind the attack was just insane. Much to Ryan's despair, before Odin could take a break from the lightning bolts, he swung Gungnir around, and every time he did it, Ryan suffered more wounds. The shock caused by the lightning bolts prevented him from feeling the pain caused by Gungnir, but once the lightning bolts stopped falling, Ryan felt all the pain in a single instant. His dark blue body of a dragon now had many traces of red due to his blood he used Full-Heal to close the wounds, but even those were taking their time healing.

"I suppose if corruption can make them heal slower, their divinity also has the same effect on me or perhaps on all other creatures," Ryan thought while he was fighting the growing anger inside him.

While Ryan was having a hard time moving his body due to the new wounds, Odin was just staring at him with his chin up, as if he was trying to show that was the difference between their power, as if that it was only natural. To make that annoying expression disappear, Ryan cast Snow Storm on Odin, and at the same time, he used Thunder Storm.

Odin withstood the Snow Storm easily since the spell was at a low level, but he was forced to fire some lightning bolts upward when Thunder Storm began to hit him. While it wasn't effective directly, indirectly, Snow Storm enhanced the power of Thunder Storm due to the water that was created in the environment. Things would be a lot simpler if Odin just tried to Teleport, but he never did that. His confidence was well-founded, though. Dozens of lightning bolts fell from the sky each second, and he repelled them all with his own lightning bolts. That reaction speed was beyond the limits of understanding of any human.

"With that reaction speed, most tricks will be useless" Ryan thought as he checked his body and felt that he was almost fine. "Reaction speed I know what I should do here."

Even though they were both useless, Ryan let Snow Storm and Thunderstorm active. While Odin was busy with them, Ryan teleported to attack him from behind. Odin turned around to face him and block the attack with his spear. Still, he felt his body strangely slow, and Ryan seemed faster than before those were the effects of Sloth Aura, Acceleration, and Haste.

In the end, Odin managed to block the attack, but Ryan's fist still touched him and made him fly backward for several meters. Not to mention, Odin suddenly felt dizzy as well Ryan had used Sloth Illusion and damaged his stamina directly. Before he could recover from that, Ryan decided to attack again. Still, this time, Odin let go of his stubbornness and used Teleport to escape.

" I suppose this is also progress," Ryan said after he clicked his tongue.

Ryan didn't seem very pleased, but that was just the usual him waiting for too much result from such a simple tactic. Regardless, to respond to that unpleasant surprise on an equal level, Odin swung his spear, and then a wound appeared on Ryan's neck. That was dangerous it seemed that Odin couldn't just behead him from a distance, but still

"In this game, two can play," Ryan said and then summoned the Absolute Death Crossbow.

Odin frowned when he felt Thanatos' presence, it was obvious that he had raised his guard. Regardless, Ryan didn't do anything. For the time being, he just studied Odin until he finally swung Gungnir. When that happened, Ryan pulled the trigger. Once again, Ryan got cut in the neck, and Odin's head moved backward. Ryan had aimed at his left eye, but he noticed a small bruise on his left cheek.

"Did he move his head the very moment I pulled the trigger?" Ryan wondered.

That never happened before. Aside from when the enemies stopped the damage with some sort of special skill, the Absolute Death Crossbow always hit on the spot Ryan had aimed. Ryan needed to test that more he pulled the trigger without caring about the crazy amount of mana he was using.

Ryan aimed at several parts of Odin's body. Thanks to that, he saw Odin's eye moving around as if he could follow the damage flying in the air and just about to reach his body. That wasn't supposed to be possible how was he able to see something that doesn't exist? The damage only exists when it happens on the body of the target. In any case, Ryan confirmed that Odin could see that when he saw Odin's body moving, only to let himself get hit in parts of his body where he could afford to get hit.

"The more I face them, the more I realize how unfair their powers are" Ryan muttered.

While that battle was getting harder by the minute, Ryan didn't have to rush it. He could see the sun setting on the horizon, and the night would bring him a very useful power. However, before that could happen. He saw Odin covering his left eye with his left hand, and then he raised his spear. Ryan recognized what was going to happen and then Teleported to attack Odin with Draconic Bow. However, much to his surprise, Thunder Reign was activated much faster than before.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1