Chapter 873: [Bonus Chapter]Reasons

Chapter 873: [Bonus Chapter]Reasons

"Odin so that is how an elder god looks like," Daniel said.

Ryan clicked his tongue when he tried to see Daniel's status and only saw question marks. However, even without the precise Intel, Ryan could tell that he has gotten stronger again. His weapon now was a great sword that was as tall as him and made it vibrate around itself while emitting a red glow. As for his armor, he was wearing an orange-ish full plate armor that also emitted the same weird tone on the border.

"Is that what he said true?" Daniel asked. "Did you come to kill me? If the answer is yes, then why?"

"You just committed two crimes that we can't ignore, that is all," Odin said.

"You killed two demigods last month. They were their descendants," Ryan said while he was checking the movements of his limbs.

"If that is the case, then I can understand your anger," Daniel said. "You want this sword and armor to revive them, am I right?"

No wonder the sword and armor looked really special. To think that Daniel used the souls of humans to increase his strength he certainly grew less naive in the last few months.

"As much as I hate to say this, but I can't take both of them at the same time. I will need your help Ryan," Daniel said.

"Giving up without even trying, how pathetic," Ryan said.

"At least I didn't almost die trying to do something impossible," Daniel said. "You look like a walking corpse. Anyway, I am going to face Odin here."

"No fucking way, I will fight him. I need to pay him back in full for all of his attacks." Ryan said. "Don't come uninvited and try to give me orders. You will face Baldr or just disappear. I won't need your help, anyway."

Daniel sighed. It was actually good to know that the opponents were waiting patiently. However, that also showed how confident those two were. Fighting two against two seemed the best thing they could do, and they would need to work together. While bad as that seemed, both of them knew that their synergy would be as bad as it could be.

After he healed himself, Ryan moved to Odin's left side, and Daniel approached Baldr's right side. Both enemies also changed the direction they were facing. It seemed that they agreed that fighting separately would be for the best to avoid wasting time and to accomplish the mission and then return to the war against the Greek gods.

Using Draconic Bow as soon as possible probably gives Ryan and Daniel some advantages. Still, Ryan didn't know if it wouldn't cause problems as well. Such as making the enemy learn more about his attacks.

Ryan teleported to behind Odin and summoned his magic bows as he tried to punch him. However, a lightning bolt flew from Gungnir and hit Ryan. That one lasted for quite a while, so Ryan became unable to move. During that time, Odin turned around while he created a massive Fire Spear, one that was even bigger than Ryan's current body. Odin sure knew how to attack an ice dragon, even though that seems pretty obvious, though. Soon after, Ryan was hit by the Fire Spear, and he clenched his teeth while he was being burned from two directions at the same time. However, eventually, Odin had to stop the lightning bolt and move away from Ryan's punch and bolts. The punch he dodged, but Odin just drained the mana of the projectiles and made them disappear.

"I guess this is some progress" Ryan muttered, visibly annoyed. "Regardless, elemental and attacks made of mana won't work on him he is really the worst type of enemy someone like me could face."

It was time to change tactics and see if Odin was just a master magician and that spear was only for show. Before Odin could attack again, Ryan used Meteor Arrows. The projectiles moved so fast that not even Ryan could see them. While that prevented Odin from attacking, it only made him move his spear around to block the projectiles. As for the damage caused it only made his weapon tremble slightly.

Congratulations! The skill Meteor Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Meteor Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Meteor Arrow has leveled up.

"He indeed has a good eye" Ryan furrowed his eyebrow. "I thought that he was just a pretty all-around magician, but I was wrong."

While Ryan was firing other Meteor Arrows to buy enough time for him to think, things suddenly got noisy a few kilometers away from there. It seemed that Daniel and Baldr were finally were fighting, and considering that the impacts that happened were pretty intense and constant, it seemed that their level of power was somewhat equal.

"Let's just hope that dumbass will buy me enough time" Ryan muttered.

When Ryan thought that Daniel would be a useful tool for the time being, he had a certain idea. While he knew that elemental attacks would be useless against Odin, he summoned Ethereal Lyre. He made it fire constantly fire projectiles toward Odin.

Fire magic note began to fly toward him automatically while Ryan was flying around and looking for an opening. When Odin made the first fire projectile stop and then fly toward Ryan, he used the Vibrating Crossbow and made it explode right in front of Odin. The damage had been weak, but Ryan saw some scratches on Odin's face. He really was a master magician, but he could only control the enemy's spells so much. Slightly annoyed, Odin glared at Ryan.

Instead of letting that bother him, Ryan used Sun's Wrath, and a massive beam of solar energy fell on Odin. In the end, the king of the Norse gods stopped the heat from damaging him. However, he was forced to turn around and use Gungnir to stop Ryan's punch when he teleported behind him. It seemed that Odin had difficulty controlling the area of effect spells, which became evident considering the first explosion that damaged him, and Ryan decided to use that in his favor

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1