Chapter 875: It Is Time

Chapter 875: It is time

At first, Ryan didn't mind about falling for that spell once again, after all. Odin cast it in a single moment. Besides, Odin got caught too. However, he changed his mind when he saw Odin passing through the bars made of electricity as if they weren't even there.

"You have got to be kidding me" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Without any other choice, Ryan used several defensive spells in order to see if the damage and effects caused by Thunder Reign would decrease. No matter what happens, he couldn't let himself get paralyzed by that spell for so long. If that happens, Odin will have plenty of time to behead him. Unfortunately, when the prison shrunk, none of his spells protected him.

Ryan's body began to be electrocuted all over again, and even though he tried to resist, he soon lost control over his body. Once that happened, Odin began to swing his spear, and Ryan's neck began to be cut. Several times in a row, Odin sliced the same spot. Even though he couldn't feel the pain, Ryan could tell that he was starting to lose a lot of blood.

"So I can only do so much by myself, huh" Ryan thought while he showed a self-mockery smile in that situation.

It was annoying to be forced to stop now after all that much progress and that many things that he had accomplished so far. Deep down, Ryan felt somewhat satisfied. He was just an ordinary guy that managed to survive until now by relying on the things that his father taught him. It was a bit too much to hope for that he would accomplish much more considering that the enemy was thousands of years old, and Ryan only had a year of battle experience.

Deep down, Ryan also hoped that Femradiel's face would show up in his mind and then give him a boost of courage to keep trying to survive that mess of a situation, but not even that happened. Not like he was the type of person who would feel motivated to fight by relying on such feelings, after all.

However, much to Ryan's surprise, Thunder Reign disappeared before he could lose consciousness, and he found Odin staring at him in confusion. Somehow, Ryan survived even though he lost a lot of blood, his wounds weren't that deep. Did he make a mistake considering Odin's power? Or Ryan realized what had changed. The dark marks around his body had decreased again. It seemed that the corruption had protected him from suffering too much damage from an elder god's attack.

"This is weird" Ryan frowned while he was healing himself. "I didn't imagine I could control the corruption like this."

While Odin was confused. Ryan tried to find a plausible explanation considering that he heard in the Pendragons' world, those seven dragons freed themselves from the corruption somehow maybe they got lucky, and after all that fighting, the corruption disappeared by trying to protect them. That being said, it wouldn't explain how Odin was surprised. After all, he should have experience in fighting creatures that have high levels of corruption maybe it was due to the fact that Ryan had divine energy as well, on his body. Regardless, before Odin could go on the offensive again, Ryan teleported toward him.

Odin almost escaped Ryan's surprise attack, but thanks to Sloth Aura, Acceleration, and Haste once again, he was punched. Ryan once again activated Sloth Illusion, and that made Odin's complexion change. As soon as he finished that, Ryan used Draconic Bow. Even though he received some damage by hitting an enemy so close to him, Ryan couldn't care less. It was time to cause as much damage as possible.

The massive explosion of mana made the entire state tremble. No wonder Daniel showed up. The previous Draconic Bow probably warned him Regardless, while Ryan suffered some scratches, he could see that Odin's armor suffered a lot more damage, and even though his face was fine, the other parts of his body weren't. The vast amount of mana wasn't something he couldn't block entirely, not even with Gungnir, because it was a non-elemental attack. In any case, Ryan couldn't get carried away now that Odin's body was burned in some parts.

Odin's expression grew grimmer, and Ryan hurried to recover his mana with Soul Eater. Still, in the end, Odin surprised him once again. He wrote something in the air that resembled the runes that Ryan used when he used the skills of the Runecaster class. As soon as Odin finished the first rune, it disappeared and then reappeared on Ryan's right leg. Instantly, his leg grew immensely heavier and Ryan began to lose altitude. That wasn't gravity magic, so Ryan's resistances that he trained so hard in the last weeks didn't help him.

Soon enough, Odin cast another rune and made it appear on Ryan's other leg. Considering that he was trying to get rid of Ryan's mobility, it was obvious what he was planning a big attack that will certainly kill Ryan, or at least buy some time for himself to attack enough times that not even the corruption will protect him.

Ryan tried to Teleport, but the runes prevented even that. Ryan tried to use Purification, but it didn't work. Without thinking about how insane that was, Ryan even scratched his legs, damaging them to rip the flesh, but the runes weren't damaged. It seemed that the spell was attached to his spirit or something.

Eventually, Ryan fell to the ground, and he barely had the power to take a single step. Ryan used the Absolute Death Crossbow again, but Odin protected his left eye and then kept writing the same runes over and over again. Eventually, Ryan's legs had each of those, and he couldn't move an inch.

"I am disappointed, Odin," Ryan said. "To think that the king of the Norse gods would be this fearful."

"I am also disappointed that only something like this can stop you," Odin said. "Regardless, it is time for you to die."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1