Chapter 878: Draconic Hunter

Chapter 878: Draconic Hunter

Ryan clenched his teeth and prepared for the impact, he could always bombard the massive rock with Draconic Bow, but at the same time, he couldn't. It wouldn't solve the actual problem that was Poseidon. Regardless, that attack might give Ryan the final push that he needed

After using all the buffs that could increase his endurance and strength, Ryan moved his arms to stop the attack. However, he was easily pushed backward, and things would only get worse the more the rock gains momentum.

"Ugh Shit!" Ryan said.

The massive rock began to crush Ryan's body as he tried to stop it from gaining momentum. Suddenly, he felt his body getting heavier it was because he was approaching the atmosphere.

"Nothing yet, Merlin?" Ryan asked.

"No, Conversion isn't recovering the mana that you need," Merlin replied. "Maybe you will have gathered enough mana upon impact."

"So, do you want me to be in the right place when this thing hits Earth?" Ryan asked. "You are useful as always."

Ryan was always trying to gain some mana using the rock's kinetic energy in movement, and thanks to that, he was able to slow down the projectile, but it wasn't enough Ryan suddenly had the idea of covering the rock in ice and use magic to stop the rock, but it didn't look like he would have enough time to do that. Regardless, he opened his mouth and used Ice Breath.

In the end, it didn't help all that much, and Ryan and the rock entered the atmosphere.  Once that happened, the projectile gained speed, and Ryan felt his body getting crushed by the pressure.

"Ah it seems my calculations were incorrect," Merlin said. "You have obtained enough mana."

"You fucking little" Ryan clenched his teeth.

Congratulations! The class Draconic Archer has reached level 36

Congratulations! The class Draconic Archer has reached level 37

Congratulations! The class Draconic Archer has reached level 99

Congratulations! The class Draconic Archer has reached the level, Max.

Congratulations! The class Draconic Archer has evolved into Draconic Hunter.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points once this class levels up. The effects of the previous class' skills have doubled.

Ryan, at first, felt like crushing Merlin into bits. Still, that feeling disappeared when he began to feel the power surging through his body. He didn't expect that the class would evolve, but he welcomed that. For a moment, he also wished that he had gained new skills, but it wasn't a good idea to be greedy. Regardless, now that he had accomplished his goal, Ryan used Draconic Bow without hesitation when he was just five kilometers above ground level.

In the end, Ryan regretted it a little as well. The massive explosion hit him in full and made him fall at supersonic speeds. Thanks to the impact of the fall, Ryan felt his ribs cracking, but at the least, the pain made him wake up and see the massive explosion of mana above him. He was worried that his attack would only break the rock into a few pieces, but it broke it in thousands of them. The rocks fell and caused some craters upon impact. Still, overall, the damage was laughable considering that Ryan predicted that it could have wiped out North America. Some of the rocks even crushed the remaining army of Drakes.

Ryan suddenly got up and then looked for Odin, but the king of the Norse gods was flying right above the place of the explosion. It seemed that we wouldn't try the same again since an area of effect spell like that could be stopped by Ryan again once he has enough mana.

"You obtained much more power than before how?" Odin asked.

"A magician never reveals his tricks," Ryan replied.

Despite what happened, Odin didn't look worried. In terms of raw status, he still was at least a few times stronger than Ryan. However, his resourcefulness, his ability to use corrupt and divine attacks, as well that power to suddenly increase his power somehow made things a little more even. Suppose Odin knew that Ryan used all his mana and coins to obtain that power-up. In that case, he could attack without worries, but he didn't know that, and there wasn't a single thing that might lead him to find that explanation. Thanks to that, Odin was worried not even his eye granted him the insight that he needed to understand Ryan's power.

"I can't see anything special on you aside from the fact that you can wield divine and corrupt energy and the fact that you can suddenly receive boosts in power," Odin asked. "Are you truly a human? Are you an alien possessing a human body?"

"Ouch, are you trying to make me depressed now?" Ryan frowned. "Please, let's not go down to that level. We don't have to insult each other."

"I suppose I can study your spirit once I defeat you," Odin said while he scratching his beard. "

Ryan couldn't help but shrug, now he couldn't lose because he might become a test subject to satisfy Odin's curiosity. In any case, now Ryan really needs to be careful. He couldn't rely on Soul Eater anymore, so he had to attack using other means. Fortunately, he already had the means to do that. After eating a small portion of mithril from his spatial storage, Ryan summoned a Draconic Sword. It wouldn't cause massive damage in an instant like Draconic Bow, but it certainly wouldn't break so soon.

"I can no longer underestimate you, so I shall end this giving my very best," Odin said. "It has been a while since this has happened, but I am grateful to you, Ryan. I thought that all the humans had grown weak while the elder gods were away, but it seemed they still have strong spirits that can grow even stronger under the right circumstances. I won't give up on my goal, but I will make sure to welcome you to Valhalla."

Ryan wasn't so sure of that, he wouldn't say that out loud, but his spirit wasn't that impressive. As for Valhalla, he wouldn't mind paying a visit as long as he doesn't have to die for it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1