Chapter 880: Stubborness

Chapter 880: Stubborness

It was a bit risky, but Ryan decided that he couldn't use his beat skills. However, he could do something else. In fact, he could do the same thing Odin was doing, but better. Ryan assumed he was planning to attack with his sword using only the tip and while holding it only with his right hand. He activated Concentrated Strike and then summoned magic copies of his Hydra's Bow. As if that wasn't enough, he activated Power Shot in all of them.

Odin frowned when he saw Ryan's stamina decreasing. He was spending stamina even faster than he could spend stamina, but would that be enough? It was who had more energy available Despite that, Ryan kept charging his attacks even when bolts of mana began to fly around Gungnir.

When Ryan's stamina reached the bottom, he fired his magic bows, but at the same time, he activated Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim. Dodging those will be impossible. At the same time that happened, Ryan teleported to the right in front of Odin and swung his sword. Odin knew what Ryan had planned, so he was forced to throw his spear toward Ryan's head. When that happened, the arrows finally passed by Ryan and hit Odin, causing a massive explosion, but when Gungnir stopped Ryan's sword strike, the same thing happened.

It seemed that Odin's true specialty was really that type of attack. He didn't even have time to charge it fully, and yet, the damage caused by Gungnir made the whole continent tremble. Those who had a slight talent at feeling mana could feel the impact wherever they were in the world.

The attack made Draconic Sword disappear after a couple of seconds, and then Gungnir flew toward Ryan's head, but he grabbed the weapon and prevented that or so he thought. The weapon and the explosion made him fly to the distance while spinning in the air.

Ryan didn't know for how long he had been flying, but that was just a minor detail, he used all his power and mana to stop the weapon from hitting his head, but even after a while, the weapon didn't lose any power. Ryan thought that using all his mana and using Mana Reinforcement would solve the issue regarding Gungnir, but that couldn't be farther from the truth.

After using Magic Vampirism and Drain Touch dozens of times, Ryan finally felt the energy decreasing in the weapon, but that wouldn't be enough since Gungnir was destined to return to Odin's hands. If he couldn't prevent that, he could at least defeat Odin before that happens.

Eventually, Ryan succeeded in stopping Gungnir, he stole all of the mana stores in it, and he only had to sacrifice his hands that now were completely burned and wounded thanks to the attack suddenly, Ryan felt his body slowing down in the fly because Gungnir was being pushed back toward its owner.

"So, it is like this, huh" Ryan said and then smiled.

Although his hands were really hurt, Ryan didn't let the weapon go. Even when the weapon began to fly back at a fearsome speed, he just endured the pain and he also activated Concentrated Strike.

Where the explosions happened, one could find Odin getting up and cleaning the dust from his body. Although they didn't have much divine energy in them, those arrows damaged him quite a bit. His condition was really bad considering the damage he received from such a normal attack Regardless, he couldn't just retreat and try later. By doing that, he would throw mud on his name and on the name of the Norse gods. Regardless, he knew that Ryan was in an even worse situation even though he didn't use his full power.

In any case, Odin frowned when he felt Gungnir approaching and the fact that Ryan was still holding the spear. He sure was trying to do something foolish it was impossible to steal the weapon from him. However, Odin realized that Ryan had something else in mind his fists were glowing due to the high amount of energy he had been storing in them. Ryan was planning to attack when Odin was mostly vulnerable when he wasn't with Gungnir.

"This young man really is" Odin opened his eyes widely in surprise.

Without Gungnir, Odin couldn't use his attacks that ignore defense and spells related to defense. So, he really was in a bad spot In the end, he raised both his arms and prepared his most powerful lightning bolts, and made them fall when Ryan got close, but even when he got hit by those and his Frost Armor began to melt, he didn't let go of the spear.

In the end, Gungnir returned to Odin's hands, but he also received the most powerful double punch he had ever seen. The impact sent Odin flying in the distance. That was a really good chance of pace for Ryan since he was usually the one being tossed around. However, he paid a high price The attack completely damaged both his arms. Bones, bloody vessels, muscles The damage was so large that they could even move them. That being said, Ryan used full heal. His attack also stole a massive amount of mana from Odin, after all.

Before Odin could have any chance to recover, Ryan teleported and found him two hundred kilometers away, trying to get up while using Gungnir. He really had felt those punches. His face was completely swollen, and he was bleeding from his mouth, not to mention, it seemed that both of his legs were broken. The very moment Odin looked at him, Ryan bombarded him with Lunar Arrows, using the same mana he stole from Odin. He tried to block those with his spear, but Odin couldn't make it spin fast enough for that. Eventually, the damage built up, and Odin collapsed while standing still using Gungnir to prevent his fall.

"What a stubborn guy" Ryan said and then sighed.

As expected, Odin was the one who caused the most trouble for Ryan. Ryan would feel impressed in any other situation, but he was too tired to care about that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1