Chapter 872: Unwanted Help

Chapter 872: Unwanted help

Ryan tried to attack Baldr several times in the next few seconds, but Odin made sure to stop him with his lightning bolts whenever that happened. At some point, Ryan got so angry after being hit by the same attack over and over again without being able to do anything to prevent it, that his eyesight began to darken. He actually didn't know if it was due to the anger or his condition that had gotten worse after all the fighting. In the end, he took a deep breath to calm down, and his head cleared up a little bit. Once that happened, Baldr was also back in one piece.

"Now, do you see, Baldr?" Odin asked. "He is a troublesome opponent, and we can't afford to waste our time here."

"Yes, father," Baldr said and then nodded.

Draconic Bow won't be as nearly as effective as before, so Ryan will have to improvise not like he hadn't been doing that from the very beginning. Ryan had no idea what those two were going to do, but he knew that he couldn't let them. So, he summoned a massive sword made of ice and then teleported toward them to attack. However, Baldr reacted fast, and once Ryan reappeared and swung his weapons, he blocked them with his bare hands. Baldr was forced to move back a few meters, but his grip made the ice sword crack into many pieces before that could be an issue. That being said, Ryan had been waiting for that, and now both Odin and Baldr were right within his range. Ryan opened his mouth and then let rage control him. In the next moment, he used Dark Ice Breath.

Odin noticed that something was different than before and held his spear with both hands. However, in the end, he and Baldr still were caught by the Dark Ice Breath, and their bodies began to be crystallized thanks to the dark ice. However, much to Ryan's annoyance, Odin dispersed all the ice and only let the corruption hit them. That made them feel really uncomfortable, like they had drunk something poisonous. Still, without mana and a proper attack, it wasn't more than a minor nuisance.

"Shit" Ryan clenched his teeth in annoyance when he saw that his best attack failed.

Baldr dashed to attack Ryan, and while he managed to block the attack with his arms and Frost Armor, the damage made him move backward quite a bit and also forced him to spit some blood.

Soon after, Odin finally moved his arms as if he was showing that he would finally try to kill Ryan for real. That only worked to make Ryan angrier, but in the end, he didn't let that control his actions. Baldr suddenly stepped back, and Ryan teleported to attack him. Still, he was forced to stop when eight pillars of electricity suddenly fell around him. The pillars quickly began to emit energy between each other, and some prison bars made of electricity were blocking Ryan's path. The same thing could be said from above.

"Thunder Reign," Odin muttered, and then pillars began to shrink the prison.

Ryan panicked when he attacked the pillars and the bars, but he ended up causing zero damage. He tried to Teleport as well, but the skill failed. Ryan summoned Soul Eater without any other choice and then recovered his mana before finally using Draconic Bow.

As expected, the attack caused a massive explosion that even damaged Ryan, but aside from that, it didn't do anything. The pillars of electricity were still standing. Without any other option, Ryan planned to use Dark Ice Breath. However, he was hit by numerous lightning bolts when the prison became only a few hundred meters wide.

The more the prison shrunk, the more damage Ryan received, and to make things worse, the pillars weren't losing any power. Unable to lift even a finger, Ryan's vision began to get dark It looked like he would have to rely on his dark side again to solve the problem. However, he changed his mind when he felt a certain presence approaching. Thanks to his willpower, Ryan managed to get used to the pain, and at the very least, he was able to use magic. He used Full Heal several times to speed up his recovery speed, but in the end, that only stopped him from dying.

"What a persistent human" Odin frowned. "Now, Baldr."

In the end, Thunder Reign could only work for so long while emitting so much electricity. Finally, the spell ended, but before Ryan could feel any relief, Baldr approached and then punched Ryan's face. He really felt that one, after the hit, his jaw was completely shattered, and several parts of his brain cracked. Before the impact could even finish transmitting all the pain to Ryan, he was sent flying to the distance. Even though his body was bigger, he still had to hit four mountains before he could actually stop. Most likely, Baldr used Concentrated Strike in order to amplify the damage.

Somehow, Ryan didn't lose consciousness, but he couldn't muster any energy to move or even think. That was hard to believe, but with all his bones fractured, blood vessels damaged, that probably wasn't the closest he had to die. If it were, he wouldn't be conscious.

"Crap" Ryan muttered when that pretense finally stopped right above him

"So, it is really you" Daniel said. "What an unsightly appearance."

"Fuck you, asshole," Ryan said and finally mustered some energy to get up and use Full Heal.

"Is that what you say to someone who came to help you?" Daniel frowned. "The more time passes, the more I feel like you are another person."

"I wouldn't need your help if you weren't such a dumbass," Ryan said. "Those came to kill you."

Daniel frowned when he saw two figures approaching while flying. Even though he couldn't see their status, Daniel could tell that they will be more difficult to defeat than any other type of creature.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1