Chapter 879: Confidence

Chapter 879: Confidence

Odin spun around Gungnir and fixed his stance as if he was going to fight directly. However, his title of king of magic wasn't just for show either, so he wrote some runes on his weapon and armor. Gungnir began to emit a yellow glow, and since Ryan's eyes were that good, he noticed a thing but incredibly concentrated electric current passing through the weapon. As for his armor, Ryan assumed that he made it sturdier.

Odin suddenly disappeared and reappeared right in front of Ryan, then he swung his weapon to pierce his right eye, but Ryan reacted fast enough to block it. Odin frowned when he saw that Gungnir wasn't supposed to miss, no matter what, unless he actually hit the enemy.

"That sword is a part of you, I see" Odin said.

Ryan clicked his tongue since it was pretty annoying to fight someone so smart. Without wasting time doing that, he dashed and swung the sword as well, but Odin flew so fast to the side that it seemed that Ryan was moving in slow motion.

Even with that speed, Odin couldn't attack Ryan directly as much as he wanted because Sloth Aura made him slower when he got too close, and even though it was his weapon, it wouldn't cause the extra damage of his runes if he uses at a long-distance. With that in mind, Odin decided to charge with all his might while ignoring defense. Once again, Ryan blocked his attack, but his massive power made Ryan stumble while he was being pushed backward for hundreds of meters. Not to mention, the effects of the rune were starting to affect him since the massive sword used his spirit as a basis. His hands were growing numb the power behind the runes wasn't specially made to damage him, but to make him have a more challenging time-fighting

When Odin moved backward to gain momentum for another charge, Ryan made his mind to take some risks as well. When Odin approached and was affected by Sloth Aura, Ryan swung down his sword, and Odin was forced to block the attack. Although he was supposed to be a magician, he completely blocked the attack without suffering any damage that was probably only natural since Ryan wasn't a real melee fighter either.

Ryan summoned some copies of his Immobilizing Crossbow and activated Vital Hunter, but Odin disappeared before they could hit him. Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance it has been a while since he got that annoyed in a fight, but it also has been a while since he had been in any fight. Regardless, Odin appeared several hundred meters away and then sighed. It seemed that Sloth Aura was really troubling him

Odin decided to draw some runes, but Ryan attacked because he knew that nothing good would come out of it. He dashed toward him while aiming the tip of his sword toward him. Much to Ryan's surprise, Odin charged as well, but he suddenly moved forward when the sword got close and then approached when he was certain that Ryan wouldn't be able to reach. However, Ryan had another trick up his sleeve he hit Odin with some Lunar Arrows.

Odin showed an annoyed expression since he couldn't see an attack coming from above while he was going down. His attack came to a stop, and Ryan had the chance to attack him. With all his might, Ryan tried a back head strike, Odin blocked again, but the impact made him fall on the ground. The surprise attack messed his rhythm, and Ryan decided to capitalize that chance even more. By bombarding him with copies of Immobilizing Crossbow while Vital Hunter was active. Odin repelled some with his spear and with his control over mana, but he gave up on it when he saw Ryan preparing another big swing. Odin let some arrows hit him and then used Teleport.

"Interesting why did he let himself get hit?" Ryan wondered. "He can't disperse magic and use magic at the same time? That is weird since he used that before while he was flying"

That information seemed important, but Ryan couldn't waste much time thinking about it. His Draconic Sword was made of mana, and the weapon grew shorter whenever it was used. While he was stealing some mana from Odin thanks to Magic Vampirism, he would rather have a decent reserve before anything.

Ryan prepared to be attacked, but instead of that, he saw a tired Odin floating a few meters ahead. He was even sweating that was weird. Not even Ryan, who was supposed to be recovering from almost literally overworking himself to that seemed that tired. Odin was even sweating

" I guess that Arrow really damaged him," Ryan thought. "If I use another, then"

That solution seemed too good to be true. It would really solve the problem, but what if Odin was waiting for that? As if Ryan had seen through his plans, Odin let out a long sigh.

"To think that your previous attack would damage my spirit this much" Odin said and then took a deep breath. "I suppose it can't be helped."

Odin raised his spear, and then Ryan prepared to escape from another trap. However, the feeling was different than before. Odin wasn't using mana he was making his spear drain from the surroundings all the mana. In the blink of an eye, Gungnir began to glow, emitting a white color. Not to mention, it began to increase in size as well if that weapon can gather enough energy and it is thrown at Ryan his sword won't prevent his death.

"He doesn't tire of causing me trouble," Ryan said and then bit his lips.

Ryan wanted to recover more mana, but if Odin were that eager to end the fight, he wouldn't be the one to drag it. The question was which type of skill should he use against Gungnir? Aside from Draconic Bow and Dark Ice Breath, Ryan didn't have confidence in any other in that situation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1