Chapter 881: Magic Lord

Chapter 881: Magic Lord

You obtained 4.986.325.471 coins.

Gungnir

Effect: A legendary spear that grants the user the power to hit the enemy no matter what with direct and indirect attacks. Only the god of magic can wield this weapon and show its true capabilities.

Strength + 2000, Intelligence + 2000, Recovery + 2000

Durability: 10.000

Mithril Crossbow of the Unrivalled Sorcerer (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: It grants you the power to fire bolts of the following elements without restrictions: fire, water, wind, earth, light, and darkness. Each bolt will consume five hundred points of mana and apply effects according to their nature. It causes ten percent more damage against elder gods.

Dexterity + 2400, Intelligence +2400

Durability: 1500/1500

Congratulations! For defeating Odin, you have become a Level one Magic Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Odin's Eye, Runic Knowledge, and Mana Control.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Odin's Eye.

Effect: It grants you the power to see the movement of all things affected by mana in the physical and non-physical realm.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Runic Knowledge.

Effect: It grants you the power to create magic runes that will affect the properties of all kinds of things. The power and the duration of the rune will rely on the level of this skill. The number of things you will be able to do with runes will also increase with this skill level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Control.

Effect: It grants you the power to control your mana and the mana in the environment freely. You only can't control the mana in someone else's body. The amount of mana you can control will be equal to the level of this skill multiplied by one hundred points.

You obtained 01 status points.

"It is finally over"  Ryan said and then let himself fall on the ground after a long sigh.

"To think that I would be the first of my people to be defeated" Odin said. "Considering that Poseidon was also the first of the Greek, it isn't all that surprising What is this? I can feel Asgardian blood in your veins Loki, huh. I should have known."

As usual, the speed Odin perceived things was insane. Ryan could only hope that he would be that fast now that he had Odin's eye. Fortunately, it seemed like, unlike Poseidon and Thanatos, Odin wasn't enraged for being used to create a crossbow.

"I am surprised that you are surprised by this, father," Loki's voice suddenly echoed in the area. "I am trying my best to surprise you, but it is kind of becoming repetitive always to surprise you."

"You should try to get a new hobby, then," Odin said. "What is your end goal this time, Loki? You should know that we will need all this planet's resources for the final battle."

"Let's not worry about the future and enjoy the present," Loki said. "Still, I find some fault in your logic. Why didn't you try to convince more humans to join your side if you are that worried? Why didn't you try to be a bit more reasonable to convince Isis to join your side?"

"Our natures are too far apart," Odin said. "Even if she has the power to defeat even Hades when it comes down to it, she isn't ready to do what it takes."

"As usual you always talk in riddles," Loki said and didn't sound very amused this time. "What about the humans? You ended up being bested by one of them, after all, and I didn't have to share my strategy to defeat you."

Odin didn't say anything. He was a pretty famous figure, so if he had tried to help some humans in the beginning, he should have a pretty powerful and large made of humans by now, but for some reason, he didn't. Ryan could only imagine that it was due to his nature as a Norse god. Only the best warriors can enter Valhalla and his ranks or something. Ryan didn't intend to judge people by his own standards when those have been living throughout the ages, but that kind of thing seemed really old.

"In any case, you should hide those weapons and return to the base, Ryan," Loki said. "Your friend is about to defeat Baldr, and the Norse gods are retreating now that they feel that Odin was defeated. Femradiel defeated Aphrodite, and Isis is almost there in her fight against Helios."

"What the" Odin said, surprised.

"Ah, I forgot to mention," Loki said, and the amusement in his voice returned. "I convinced Hel not to return to Earth for a while, and I also sealed Vidar so that he won't be a problem for the time being. The Norse and Greek gods are retreating now, but they might come here and fight you."

Hel was Loki's daughter and ruler of the underworld in Norse mythology, so he probably knew very well how to deal with her. As for Vidar, he was the god of vengeance Ryan couldn't imagine how strong he was or how Loki sealed him.

Regardless, Ryan decided to follow Loki's advice this time. He still was a suspicious character, but he could do at least that much without worries. Before leaving, Ryan confirmed that the army of drakes was withdrawing, and then he found Daniel and Baldr fighting in the southern side of the state. Ryan saw the exact moment Daniel's sword pierced Baldr's heart, but in the end, he stopped there and then used Seal on him to create another sword.

"The asshole is copying me well, I suppose it is better than killing the enemy for good," Ryan said. "We still don't know what might happen if we kill the elder gods, after all."

In any case, Ryan used Teleport and then returned to Egypt. A powerful hug given by Femradiel welcomed him. She was tired and wounded as well, so both of them looked like they hadn't won any battles.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1