Chapter 883: [Bonus Chapter]Secret

Chapter 883: [Bonus Chapter]Secret

Time was of the essence, so Ryan didn't waste a single minute. He drained the mana of thousands of items, and soon enough, Soul Eater was filled with mana yet again. He did the same with the potions, but once again, based on Merlin's calculations, it wasn't enough maybe Ryan should turn his mithril armor into mana. It was too big anyway, and against Odin, it didn't help all that much. It didn't work even against Baldr.

"Well, it didn't work because of their abilities, and armor like that still grants me a massive boost in my defense," Ryan muttered while rubbing his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I should ask Nakine if he can lend me some mithril"

"Fear not! For I am here to solve all your problems," Loki's voice echoed through the Void World.

"Loki I knew that you were an annoying guy, but I didn't know you were a peeping Tom," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"What are you talking about? I just felt that one of my friends was in trouble, and I came to help!" Loki said. "I wasn't spying on anyone."

That was obviously bullshit. Still, rather than that, Ryan was more interested in how he could enter Void Worlds like that. He didn't enter, but his voice could work inside things would have been a lot easier if he had used that when they were under Hypnos' influence.

"You know, I can help you with your problems, and you can help with mine," Loki said.

"I see you want something more, even though we already sold you several domains," Ryan said. "Let me guess. You want Echidna's domain."

"You are pretty smart, Ryan," Loki said.

"I can only feel shivers and annoyance when you praise me," Ryan frowned. "Regardless, that domain belongs to Femradiel, and I won't ask her to hand it over. In any case, since I am done here, I will just hunt some monsters and steal their mana. Or even better, I can ask Femradiel to summon some monsters here, and I will steal their mana with Soul Eater. That is a pretty efficient way to reach my goal."

"Well, that is up to you, but I wasn't planning to tell you about a world of mine that I have been keeping as a secret," Loki said. "Thanks to that, I have a nearly infinite supply of mana."

"Good for you," Ryan said without showing any interest.

"Come on, don't be like that," Loki said. "Come to my domain in Spain, and I will show you something impressive."

Ryan wondered if he should waste time with or not. Knowing Loki, he was insane enough to make his allies waste time in such an important time. However, he knew that Ryan wasn't by far one of the most patient people in the world, so he wouldn't dare do that.

"All right but if I think that this trip was a waste of time, I will demand compensation," Ryan said.

"I am sure you won't be disappointed," Loki said, and Ryan could imagine the grin on his face.

Ryan canceled Void World and then sighed. It was already time for breakfast, but Femradiel still was snoring. Somehow, he freed himself from her arms and then left by using Teleport. He wondered if he should have warned the others about his leave, but in the end, Ryan wasn't the type of person who felt the need to report every single one of his actions to his allies. No matter who they are.

Thanks to Soul Eater, he reached Loki's domain in a single instant and then moved to the dungeon as well. On the next planet, he found Loki and a portal on his side. Weirdly enough, this portal granted him the chance to see the other side, and in there, Ryan saw a completely blue world.

"What is that?" Ryan frowned.

Instead of replying, Loki made the image approach the planet, and then Ryan saw that the world was filled with small blue plants. Much to Ryan's surprise, he actually could appraise those plants.

Blue Angel.

Effect: A spiritual plant that has magical powers. When its leaves are eaten, they recover your mana by ten points. Each plant can bore five leaves, and a new leaf can appear once every five days.

" A pretty interesting plant indeed," Ryan frowned." You cultivated an entire world to multiply those?"

"Yes and no," Loki replied. "Using them like this wouldn't be that efficient. That is why I transform them into mana liquid."

Loki said and then showed another part of the world where some humans and creatures of all kinds of species were working harvesting them and transforming them into mana liquid after turning them into powder. Ryan bet that he could drain the mana liquid with Soul Eater if he had a decent size stock of those plants, he would be able to charge Soul Eater between battles, and he will have the power to level up classes even when he isn't fighting or training.

"So, you want to trade Femradiel's domain for this world?" Ryan asked.

"Ha-ha, that was funny," Loki said. "You are smart, but you are not smarter than me. In exchange for that domain. I would give you one billion points of mana every day."

That seemed too good to be true besides, what does Loki do with so much mana? Probably something very worrisome, still, those humans and the other creatures didn't uncomfortable working like that. Then again, there was a chance that he was only showing an illusion.

"I can teleport you to that planet if you are that suspicious," Loki said.

"No, it is fine," Ryan said. "I will talk with Femradiel and see if she wants to do the trade. Talk with you later."

Before Loki could say anything, Ryan left. Truth to be told, he wasn't going to ask Femradiel anything. He just learned something pretty useful. Even though Ryan couldn't replicate the same method to obtain a stupid amount of mana, now he knew that he could do many things aside from just relying on skills to recover that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1