Chapter 888: Electric Spiritualist

Chapter 888: Electric Spiritualist

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Electric Spiritualist!

You obtained the following skills: Lightning Aura, Continuous Lightning, and Electric Prison.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Lightning Aura: it grants you the power to summon an aura that will increase your electric-related attacks by three percent per level and will decrease the damage of all-electric-related skills on you by one hundred points per level.

Cost: 500 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Continuous Lightning: it grants you the power to summon a lightning bolt that will hit and damage the target for as long as it stays active. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill + 50 percent of your intelligence per second.

Cost: 2000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Electric Prison: it Grants you the power to lock a target inside a prison of electricity that will cause damage over time of one hundred points multiplied by the level of the skill. The duration will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by 5 five seconds. The prison can withstand up to one hundred points of damage per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Now let's see I guess I will have to use Mithril Crossbow of the Unrivalled Sorcerer myself," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "My skeletons won't be able to use that crossbow for more than a few seconds, after all."

Ryan activated Electric Aura and then began to fire Electric Bolts toward his feet. Whenever he got hit, his feet would paralyze and grow numbers for a while, so that was kind of scary, but Ryan eventually got used to it.

"What about now, Merlin?" Ryan asked. "If I level up this skill up to level one hundred, then"

"You still will die," Merlin said.

"You have so little faith on me" Ryan said and then sighed.

Despite the fact that Merlin was so pessimistic, Ryan decided to keep training that class. Soon, he would obtain others in order to make his plans have more chances of success. However, before doing that, he would need to level up that class as much as possible.

----- -----

Outside Ryan's Void World, Femradiel was helping the survivors inside her own world by summoning monsters for them to fight. If the worst-case scenario really happens, most of those people won't have many chances to fight. They will be decimated by the elder gods. Still, in case they bring their armies, then they will have their chance to fight for their lives and try to decide their own fate. In any case, Femradiel wasn't inside the Void World. She was checking things from outside when she noticed Isis approaching.

"I know that I asked you this without confirming your condition, but how are you after the fights of that day?" Isis asked.

"I am fine, they caused some trouble, but I already had plenty of rest," Femradiel replied.

"What about Ryan?" Isis asked. "He defeated a tough foe and while his previous condition didn't interfere much in the fight, I heard that he struggled a lot."

"He seems fine as well, but" Femradiel frowned.

"But?" Isis asked, slightly confused.

"He is planning something, I can tell because he seems quieter than usual," Femradiel replied. "It seems that information about the other guys' not joining this group bothered him a little and he is trying to make up for it."

"That seems something Ryan would do are you worried that he is planning something dangerous since he isn't telling anyone about it?" Isis asked.

"Yes. Ryan is a simple guy and for what I can tell, he has been pretty ordinary throughout his entire life, thanks to that and some recent events, he has been fighting against his lack of confidence," Femradiel explained. "The only way he thinks he can do that is by struggling most than anyone."

"Struggling right now by himself doesn't sound too good considering the enemies that we will have to face," Isis looked upward and then said it. At the same time, she tried to imagine what Ryan was up to. "Well, if something were to happen, you can always run and help him. I am sure the rest of us can fight without you two for a while. Just make sure to prevent him from pushing himself too hard and make him get sick again."

"Will do. Anyway, anything new about the moves of the enemies?" Femradiel asked.

"We are trying to keeping an eye on them, but that is difficult," Isis replied. "If a dungeon master makes changes in their domains in order to let someone enter, no one can tell. Besides, feeling presences inside the domains is impossible. So, they might be teleporting around as we speak to have a meeting among themselves and we can't confirm that. They can easily teleport around the globe, after all."

Femradiel nodded it looked like despite their victories, things were only getting more complicated. Regardless, they couldn't just worry endlessly about such things. Just like Isis told before, it would be better to focus on improving their armies and their skills while they can.

Using the rest of the mana that she had in her Soul Eater, Femradiel decided to speed up the time inside her Void World. While she and Ryan won't be able to make use of that again, she needed to increase the power of the skill in case they obtain that chance one day. That was because Femradiel heard from Ryan what Odin told him before about the true enemies Odin wanted to create a world where the people would have the chance to fight the true enemies, so Femradiel assumed that the battles wouldn't end after the Greek and Norse gods had been dealt with. Maybe Femradiel should ask Isis about that, but she couldn't help but wonder if she knew about those true enemies, why didn't she mention them until now?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1