Chapter 889: Adjustements

Chapter 889: Adjustements

After leveling up Electric Aura up to level fifty, Ryan decided to take the next step. However, much to his surprise, even though only a couple of hours passed in the real world, he received some bad news.

"Ryan, you need to come out and see this" Femradiel said via Telepathy.

Ryan quickly undid the Void World and then opened his eyes. Even before he could leave the room, he noticed that something was off. It was around three in the afternoon, the temperature in Egypt was supposed to be pretty high, but much to his surprise the wind was pretty cold.

When he left the room, he noticed that it was snowing snowing in Egypt Ryan couldn't say that never had happened before because he didn't live that long. Still, he noticed that even Isis looked shocked, but not for that, but it was because the Mediterranean Sea was now frozen.

"It seems that they reached an agreement much sooner than we expected," Isis said, showing a complicated expression. "All the armies of the remaining Olympian gods are marching South, toward this place and toward Athena's territory."

"How many time do we have to do anything?" Femradiel asked.

"Their armies will reach us in three to four hours, the same thing can be said about Athena," Isis replied. "The real issue here is that we can't leave the domain, if we do, the Olympian gods will attacks us all at once. It is pretty obvious."

"Sorry for my delay, but things aren't that good on my end as well," Loki suddenly said via Telepathy. "The army of the Norse gods are moving toward my domain in Spain. While losing a single domain isn't the end of the world, they will find traces of the other ones and they will be able to teleport to those as well. I will have to fight here."

"Is that so" Isis said, looking really troubled by the sudden change of events. "Keep us update if something happens or if you need help."

The usual Loki would say something annoying this time to get on everyone's nerves. Still, he just ended the spell without saying anything. It seemed that even he was caught off guard this time Regardless, soon after, it was Athena's turn to use Telepathy.

"It seems we were got on their nerves this time" Athena said. "My predictions were way off my apologies."

"There is no need to apologize, this never happened before and it only shows how much nervous they are regarding us," Isis said. "They probably imagined that we would try to obtain more allies once we noticed their movements. So, with that in mind, they decided to act this fast."

"I have many followers here, so I can't abandon them," Athena said. "I will fight here until the very last moment."

"Understood, keep us updated," Isis said.

"So, are we just going to wait for the attack?" Ryan asked. "We can always try to melt the ice."

"It is useless," Isis said. "The whole ocean was frozen in a single moment. So, they will just do the same again. Besides, it is not like monsters at the max level will ever drown. We might be able to attack them from a distance, but it won't be enough. The farther away the caster is from the target, the weaker the spell and any other type of attack will be. There is also the fact that the elder gods will see through this plan and will try to protect their troops with some defensive spells. "

Ryan nodded. Since the elder gods won't show up unless they leave the domain, they obviously will protect their troops since relying on those will be the fastest way to knock down any domain.

"We have to split our forces and attack before they reach this place," Ryan said. "Since Athena and Loki were in other regions, the enemies' forces are already split to begin with. Besides, even if they hurry to defeat us, the army of the Norse gods will have to travel for a while. Femradiel, you take their left side and I will take the right. That way, if something happens, we will be able to help or be helped by Loki and Athena."

Isis and Femradiel frowned when they heard that. Ryan was talking as if Loki and Athena's armies were just a few hundred meters away, but they were hundreds of kilometers. Not to mention, splitting the enemies' attention also meant that they would split their forces. They will become easy targets, and considering the situation, it was obvious that Ryan would be their main target.

"No, that is too dangerous we will find another way," Femradiel said.

"All right, if you have any better idea, I am listening," Ryan said. "You have one hour to come up with a better plan."

Ryan sounded pretty confident on his plan, but he wasn't a tactical genius, so Femradiel was also confident that she could come up with a better plan in one hour However, much to her despair, nothing came to mind. If all the enemies' armies reach Egypt, then Isis's domain will fall. She lost a lot of the mana stored in defense when the demons attacked, after all. Another push for an even greater force will certainly finish it off. Once that happens, it will be game over no matter what happens, they couldn't let so many enemies approach. It will be better if they drown the entire armies in the middle of the Mediterranean. Isis probably can do that. She just needs to make sure that no elder god will get in the way of her attacks. For that to happen, they needed a diversion, and that was what Ryan offered.

"So, Femradiel, what is your plan?" Ryan asked.

" Let's go with your plan, but instead of just fighting in the same area, let's fight close to Loki and Athena," Femradiel said. "Having someone to offer us back up will be necessary, absolutely necessary. We will teleport to their domains and then attack the armies approaching them. Meanwhile, Isis will attack the monsters crossing the ocean. Let's win this."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1