Chapter 885: Command

Chapter 885: Command

Thanks to Femradiel broken powers to recover her mana, she had created an army of five hundred monsters that could recover one hundred points per minute in just one hour. That means that by using Soul Eater, Ryan could drain fifty thousand points of mana per minute as well it was a pretty decent amount of mana. Considering all his skills, he could only recover one-third of that. Still, he wasn't satisfied, so he decided to look in Merlin's database for a class that would help him even more. As long as it was a tier-three or lower class, he would buy it. He actually found one. It was a very good class against mages, even though it was mage class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Spell Breaker!

You obtained the following skills: Magic Destruction, Mental Boost, and Magic Understanding.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points, your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Destruction.

Effect: It grants you the power to nullify and absorb the mana of spells that uses low amounts of mana. At level one, you can nullify spells that cost five points of mana, and the same amount will increase with each level up.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mental Boost.

Effect: It passively increases your mana regeneration by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Understanding.

Effect: By understanding the fundaments of magic, you can decrease the cost of mana of your spells by one point per level. This skill can only decrease the cost of all skills by up to fifty percent.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Not bad to think I would be able to recover and save mana so much thanks to a single-tier three-class," Ryan said, visibly impressed. "I am shocked I didn't find this one sooner."

Ryan was about to ask Merlin to make Mental Boost to level up a few times when he realized it wasn't he doing the same thing Femradiel could do with the monster system? She could do that because she was a dragon, but he couldn't imagine the skills of a dragon and the skills of the creator of Merlin were so similar

Usually, Ryan wouldn't level up that class since it would cost him mana, but since they were in the Void World, where time passes faster, it would be efficient to do that right at that moment. Besides, to make the skill level up in any other way, he would have to use magic, and that would be less efficient.

"It is actually true you can really gain classes by relying on that thing," Femradiel said, visibly impressed after she used Appraisal and confirmed that Ryan gained a new class.

Ryan felt a bit offended since she thought it was a lie. Regardless, Ryan knew that Merlin's presence wouldn't take the chance to clear dungeons a useless task. After all, he could gain status points by clearing them periodically.

"Merlin, you said that you can't help me while I fight, but what about outside fights?" Ryan asked. "What else can you do to help me?"

"I am surprised. I didn't imagine any sane human would find my abilities insufficient," Merlin said. "It seems I was indeed wrong."

"So, you can't do anything else?" Ryan asked. "Aside from using sarcasm, of course."

"No," Merlin replied.

Merlin had a pretty human-ish behavior, but that was only natural since he had been created by using magic. It wouldn't be weird if the mana of his creator heavily influenced his personality. Regardless, that wasn't important for Ryan. He tried to come up with other ways to gather enough mana, but most of them would be only helpful in the long term. Fortunately, thanks to the time speed in the Void World, around noon of that same day, Ryan finally obtained enough mana to make Sea Lord reach level max.

Congratulations! The class Sea Lord has reached the max level.

Congratulations! The class Sea Lord has evolved into Sea King.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points once this class levels up. The effects of the previous class' skills have doubled.

"I knew it" Ryan said while ignoring another massive power-up. "Following the logic between those titles, the next will be Sea God, and I will finally be able to use Poseidon's Trident and demonstrate its full potential."

Ryan knew that he was getting carried away, but he couldn't help but wonder which other mythological figures used bows as the main weapon. The only ones that came to mind were Artemis and Apollo, but fortunately, he wasn't crazy enough to pick up a fight with them just to obtain their weapons.

"This seriously isn't fair" Femradiel said. "The balance of power can't be broken like this."

"What kind of balance of power" Ryan said and then sighed. "Hey, Merlin, make some of Femradiel's classes level up as well. As long as she doesn't level up Lust Lady and Lady of Love, everything else is permitted."

"Why are you so worried about those?" Femradiel asked.

"As long as she gives the mana necessary, then I can do it," Merlin said.

"What? Can you? I thought you were supposed to help only me," Ryan said, visibly surprised.

"I follow your orders related to my abilities, so it doesn't matter if I use my abilities to help others," Merlin said. "As long as you give the order, then it is possible."

That was another piece of useful information. That fact only made Ryan confirm that Merlin's creator didn't make him to help a single human rule over other humans or other species. Still, if the owner were another person, it wouldn't change anything.

"Why are you so quiet? Are you thinking of changing your mind?" Femradiel asked.

" Remember, Merlin, all classes are possible, but those two," Ryan said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1