Chapter 886: Dangerous Idea

Chapter 886: Dangerous idea

Ryan wanted to do another experiment, so he decided to stay and gather mana throughout the rest of the day, but they were forced to stop that a bit sooner because Femradiel noticed that Isis was calling for them. Without wasting time, they went to talk with her, and they found Athena and Loki already in the meeting room.

"Did something happen?" Ryan asked.

"More or less," Isis replied. "Until now, nothing really big, but apparently, Loki noticed that Hermes moved toward the Norse gods' territory."

Hermes the messenger of gods, and also the god of boundaries, travel, trade, communication, language, writing, cunning, and thieves. Hermes was also responsible for protecting livestock and presided over the spheres associated with fertility, music, luck, and deception at least, that was what Athena told them about Hermes.

"I can't gather intel from inside any longer. If I expose myself, I will be attacked," Athena said. "My guess is that the Olympian gods want to offer a truce between them and the Norse gods."

That made things a bit more troublesome for the group without considering the opportunities of those parties trying to decimate each other, the actions of those presented would be extremely limited. If they decided to team up, then

"In terms of raw numbers, the Norse gods still have the advantage," Loki said. "However, they lost Odin, and without their leader, they can only rely on Thor. He isn't a very good diplomatic, and he tends to solve things with his hammer, but right now, his anger will be completely directed to us."

"I guess the chances of them teaming up are really high" Isis closed her eyes and then crossed her arms. "This isn't good we can't team up with other deities. So, our only option is to try to make the other humans join our side."

"The people in South America and Japan might accept, but they won't leave their territories," Ryan said. "As for the Russians, I have a friend who might agree, but she isn't the only one who calls the shots."

"What about your friends in North America?" Isis asked.

"Their numbers aren't that big, but they have some survivors that might come in handy against the big guns," Femradiel replied. "That being said, aside from Alissa and her soldiers, the others might not want to join forces since Ryan left a bad impression on them."

"What about the survivors in Israel, Italy, and England?" Ryan asked.

"You should forget about them," Isis said. "They are a bit complicated."

"How so?" Ryan frowned.

"We tried to negotiate with them while you were on the dragons' world, but the four archangels said that they want to ally themselves with those that are working with the man who has the power of a deadly sin and obtained the power of the demons as well," Loki explained. "Do I have to say who that person is?"

"I didn't know that I was that infamous," Ryan shrugged. "Still, I am surprised that they are divided into three regions but still can afford to negate becoming allies with you three."

"Their powers are highly effective against demons, after all," Isis said.

They seemed like a strong force, so Ryan couldn't help but feel bad about it but it wasn't like his powers made him evil or demonic, at least not all that much. His actions certainly were no, Ryan was pretty sure that most of his actions could be considered evil. He was egoistic, and he didn't listen to others. While he helped some people over the last year, that wasn't his priority, not even ten percent of the time.

"Alissa created her own domain, finally," Isis said. "So, she can't abandon it now. Weirdly enough, we can't ask them to join us because they have their own domains and thousands of civilians to protect."

More and more, it was becoming clear that they would have to deal with the Norse and Greek gods by themselves. There were also the forces in India and China, but they will only look at the rest of the globe when they see a single powerful enemy that they will have to work together to defeat. Otherwise, any negotiation would be useless.

The room stayed quiet for a while because no one knew what to do. Although the people there weren't the type, who would get depressed over the lack of a solution to a complicated situation. Just thinking and not finding a proper answer wouldn't help either.

"Well, we can't just assume that they will join forces yet" Isis said and then took a deep breath. "Let's keep on sharpening our fangs, and then we will deal with the situation. Femradiel, I need to ask you to train the soldiers here inside your Void World."

"All right, I can do that," Alissa said.

"As for the rest of us, let's focus on developing strategies against the remaining enemies," Isis added. "I will be counting on you two, Loki and Athena since you know them better than any of us."

"Yes, yes," Loki said.

"Right," Athena said.

Ryan quickly returned to the Void World and began to think of what he should do to improve their situation. However, he was from being a tactical genius, so nothing really came to mind nothing aside from keeping with his plan to level up his classes. He had a certain idea that seemed promisor, but it relied on him as the center again.

"I already knew that, but man I am really very egocentric," Ryan frowned.

It seemed that the destiny of the whole group was in Athena and Loki's hands. Without their help, fighting against so many elder gods at the same time will result in their end. After insisting on coming with some sort of plan, Ryan ended up having an idea, but it was risky that being said, it would also decrease the pressure on the rest of the team. The downside was that he would have to pay a high price for it and the currency would be in blood and pain

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1