Chapter 899: Guess

Chapter 899: Guess

Before Zeus could grow stronger and bigger, Ryan decided to attack. However, Zeus predicted that, and it wasn't like he was waiting for the power-up. He just wanted to see Ryan grow impatient and slowly be taken by despair. Using Light Speed, Zeus moved toward Ryan, but he did the same and escaped. While Zeus was pursuing Ryan, he summoned Absolute Death Crossbow and then pulled the trigger. Zeus was forced to protect his eyes from the continuous damage, and Ryan used that chance to approach and attack. He couldn't hope that he would be able to draw the full power of Mjolnir, but what if he adds the momentum of his speed? What if he also attacks using Hephaestus' hammer? Ryan approached and attacked using both. Unfortunately, Zeus blocked them with his elbows alone.

Ryan immediately retreated While he stored some energy in Hephaestus' hammer, he knew that he would need much more to stop Zeus, and he certainly won't have the chance to do that. While Ryan was thinking about what to do, Zeus got hit by another lightning bolt and began to grow again. With each hit, he had grown ten centimeters, and Ryan could tell that his strength increased by at least five percent if things continue at that pace

"I should have asked Athena and Isis about their strategy about how to fight against Zeus" Ryan thought while he was having a hard time keeping the panic from showing in his face.

If the worst comes to the worst, Ryan also had some skills that he could to boost his status. However, none of them were at the same level as Zeus' spell.

"Since I am not learning it it must be a special skill that only Zeus has," Ryan muttered. "Can you tell me any information about that, Merlin?"

"I guess we can call it Infinite Potential," Merlin replied.

"You guess?" Ryan frowned.

"It is impossible to quantify and understand every single skill, my creator never mentioned and didn't add any information similar to that on my database, so I can only deduct," Merlin replied. "Considering his status as an elder god and the things we know about his life, I can assume that he has an amazing body that grants him the power to become stronger by storing more energy on his body. While that is probably something temporary, it gives him the chance to surpass the limitations of his physical body. Considering all that, I can say that it is better to defeat him as fast as possible or wait for his body to overheat."

Ryan had considered both things, but they were kind of difficult to achieve. Zeus was already crazy powerful, so if he wanted, he can focus on defense and wait patiently for his power-up. On the other hand, there was no telling for how he long maintained an enhanced body like that.

Regardless, Ryan summoned the Crossbow of the Unrivalled Sorcerer and then began to bombard Zeus with dark bolts. However, even while Light Speed was active, Ryan failed in hitting him the reason being the fact that Zeus also used that skill to even things. Unless Ryan assumes some risks, he won't be able to cause any damage. Without wasting time, he created some gauntlets of ice that he could use in that form and then moved toward the enemy. Naturally, Zeus smiled since he was going to fight in his best range.

As if he was trying to amuse himself, Zeus punched Ryan's fist when he wanted to beat him. Ryan's arm trembled, and he felt his bones cracking slightly not even with the boost in the water element thanks to the class Sea King. Ryan would be able to lose in a direct confrontation using that tactic However, he couldn't stop now.

Ryan tried to punch Zeus again, but at the last moment, his right fist opened, and he bombarded Zeus' face with Chi Explosion. The Greek god was caught off guard, but Ryan only managed to scratch his face a little bit. Unlike Thor, Zeus didn't let the blood rush to his head. So, Ryan didn't accomplish anything with that.

Despite the failure, in the next moment, Ryan dashed toward Zeus again. Their fists collided, but Ryan also Draconic Bow at point-blank range. However, even though Zeus couldn't have dodged it, he still managed to move his arms and protect his head. When the smoke disappeared, Ryan saw that Zeus was bleeding here and there, but even those wounds were quickly closing.

"This isn't good even if I use Draconic Bow several times" Ryan thought and then looked around for the dark ice pillar he used to defeat Thor.

Unfortunately, that wasn't anywhere. Zeus probably got rid of it when he returned. That was annoying, but there was no telling if it would work or not. Zeus watched the previous fight, and he probably had a good idea of what Ryan was planning to do.

While Ryan was thinking, Zeus got hit two times by lightning bolts, and his body grew yet again. That kind of fight against time was really annoying, and yet, Ryan couldn't do anything to stop those lightning bolts. Maybe he could disperse that massive cloud with Draconic Bow, but he would leave himself wide open against Zeus for a second, and that might be deadly.

Ryan took a deep breath and then opened his mouth. Zeus opened his guard, but instead of an Ice Breath, Ryan summoned a Draconic Lance. The massive weapon made of mana looked like a problem. However, Zeus still wasn't worried, he had taken a direct hit of Draconic Bow, and that was Ryan's probably best skill. However, Zeus furrowed his eyes when Ryan finally used Dark Ice Breath and covered the spear with the dark ice. Now that seemed like a problem

Ryan also covered his ice gloves with the dark ice. He tried to hurry up, his eyesight still got blurry thanks to the corruption. Now it was settled, if he uses that type of skill again, he will lose his mind he couldn't let that happen.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1