Chapter 896: Trick

Chapter 896: Trick

In the blink of an eye, Thor was covered in blood. Although his body still was free from deep wounds thanks to his lightning-like reflexes. The damage was pilling up Ryan made a mental note to level up the Magic Lord class if he had the chance. Gungnir was just too useful, but he needed to cause more damage with it. Speaking of Gungnir Ryan had another idea.

Ryan summoned Poseidon's trident, and his power over the ice pillar increased. This time, when he attacked, his turn finally came. When Thor tried to repel the attack, he was the one who was pushed back. Losing a contest of brute strength made Thor open his eyes widely in shock However, in the next moment, things changed again. Some iron gloves appeared on Thor's hands, and a belt appeared on his wait. When he swung his hammer again, the ice pillar was sent flying toward the opposite direction, and Ryan barely had the time to stop it.

"He still has some magic relics hidden? Are you fucking kidding me?" Ryan asked, visibly annoyed.

Thor reassumed the offense and moved to attack Ryan, the massive pillar got on his way, but he easily repelled it to the side. Ryan didn't have the chance to block the next attack, so he felt Thor's true power Mjolnir hit him in the stomach and the impact made each one of his bones to crack. Ryan was paralyzed due to the shock and continuous pain, and then Thor prepared himself to finish him off. However, he stopped before swinging his hammer. He felt a sharp pain coming from behind his body and at many points. When Thor turned around, he didn't see anything, but he saw numerous shards of the ice pillar piercing his body when he used Clairvoyance. Ryan obtained control over them while he wasn't looking and used them as projectiles with Telekinesis, Perfect Aim, and Deadly Aim.

"You" Thor muttered in anger.

"You should pay more attention to your surroundings," Ryan said. "You didn't notice when that much corruption approached."

Thor ignored that and tried to swing his hammer, but Ryan made the shards pierce his body even more. That dulled the feeling of his muscles, but it also made him some mental pain it was quite odd. How come Ryan never noticed the elder gods had that much trouble against corruption? He knew that it was as effective as divine energy, but maybe it wasn't due to the corruption alone. His recent power-ups made his corruption more effective.

Regardless, Ryan didn't have time to waste. He immediately brought back his dark ice pillar and made it spin to gain strength. He had to crush Thor now that he had the chance. He couldn't afford to half kill him. An elder god of that level would take too much time to go down using half-assed attacks.

Ryan used Telekinesis and tried to crush Thor's head, but in the end, somehow, he managed to swing Mjolnir and repel the attack. At the same time, he made the shards leave his body Ryan couldn't believe that, but it seemed that he just used his own physical strength to do that.

After opening his eyes widely in shock, Ryan finally noticed that Thor's condition was still bad. After all, the corruption pierced his body, and it won't leave that easily just because the shards left. Ryan covered Poseidon's trident with ice magic and then increased its size by hundreds of times in the blink of an eye. At the same time, Thor raised his hammer and made a massive lightning bolt fall.

Before Ryan could get hit, he fired the spear and the dark ice pillar. Thor also didn't have the chance to defend himself. That was probably Ryan's best attack without relying on Draconic Bow and Dark Ice Breath it would cause a lot of damage, but so did Thor's lightning bolt. He used everything he had on that attack the attack had been so massive that Ryan's body disappeared inside the massive lightning bolt.

The environment changed after that attack the noise of the attack had been so powerful that all the vegetation in the area died thanks to the vibration. The ground suddenly turned dark due to the burn marks left by the massive attack. Naturally, such a massive attack raised a massive curtain of dust that covered the entire north of Spain. Still, when it dissipated, it showed two bodies collapsed on the ground. Those were Ryan and Thor Somehow, Ryan survived, and so did Thor. Due to the previous minutes, they were too wounded to be able to launch their best attacks as efficiently as possible. That being said, but of them were unconscious.

"Well, well this sure took a longer than expected," Zeus suddenly appeared and then watched both bodies. "Your predictions are a bit off, though Hera."

"My apologies, Dear," A dark-haired woman suddenly appeared and then said. "This human is more troublesome than I predicted."

Hera seemed pretty young, unlike Zeus. Regardless, she was an astonishingly beautiful woman, but her expression was a bit too arrogant, even though she was apologizing. It almost looked like she blamed Ryan for her mistake. Hera was wearing a golden robe and a crown of the same color. She also had a short golden hand that had two snakeheads at the top.

"Regardless, thanks to you, we don't have to worry about Thor either, and this human will die without causing us any more trouble," Zeus said. "Use your magic to make him free the magic weapons in which he sealed the demons and elder gods."

Hera nodded, and Zeus proceeded to recover Poseidon's Trident. They touched Ryan and the weapon at the same time, but when they did it those vanished like they were made of illusions.

"What a day what a day!" Loki's voice echoed through the area. "Not only I saw my dear brother being bested by a human, but I also discovered that Zeus himself had been planning to backstab him since the very beginning I knew something was off when you took your time to return."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1