Chapter 893: Such Power

Chapter 893: Such power

The same kind of thing repeated itself several times before Ryan finally realized that perhaps he would have to rely on his trump cards much sooner than expected. He needed to weaken those two in order to make the fight a bit fairer for him. Fighting against one of them at a time would already be troublesome enough, fighting those two at the same time, then

Dark Ice Breath might catch Thor off guard, but if Zeus sees that attack from a distance, Ryan doubts that it would work against him. He would be able to thoroughly analyze it and see what Ryan needed to do to use it and to hit the enemy. Ryan needed to find the perfect moment to damage both of them with the same attack

Congratulations! The skill Hammer Mastery has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Hammer Mastery has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Hammer Mastery has leveled up.

Mithril Hammer of the Destruction

Effect: With each attack, this weapon stores part of the energy of the impact, and that same energy can be used against the energy whenever you decide to do so.

Strength + 2400, Endurance + 1500, Recovery + 1500, Speed + 1500, Mentality + 1500.

Durability: 360/2000

"Tsk already, huh," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance when he saw the durability of his hammer decreasing at astonishing speed.

Ryan could always repair it, but it would take more mana than usual since the hammer was made of mithril. While that was a bit troublesome, it gave Ryan some ideas. One that he had planned to use against Odin, but he didn't since the fight didn't drag out for too long, and another was due to the hammer.

Ryan activated Heat Field, a skill that Hephaestus used against him that could increase all his status and damage everyone nearby him, and he also used Solar Eclipse. Zeus frowned when he saw Ryan utilizing the skill of his son, but he frowned even more, when a dark disk appeared in the sky and covered the sun. The darkness covered only a small area of the planet, but it would increase in size the more it leveled up. Regardless, that wasn't Ryan's objective he wanted the bonus in status both skills granted him.

"Merlin, add those two to the list as well," Ryan said.

"Understood," Merlin said.

"By the way, what are my chances now?" Ryan asked.

"None," Merlin said.

Ryan sighed but at least he had time to do that. Thor and Zeus stopped attacking and raised their guards because they imagined Ryan was planning something, but nothing happened. He only wanted the bonuses in status those skills granted. Zeus immediately realized that moving Ryan away from the darkness would be useless since the dark disc would follow him. It was quite a weird skill but highly useful.

For the time being, the bonuses of those skills were nothing, but eventually, they will become a problem. Thanks to that, Ryan made those two realize that they should get rid of him before he could become a real nuisance. They had forgot about it that such skills would cost tons of mana to maintain, and Ryan wouldn't it level up so fast without fighting. Due to the circumstances, though, waiting for Ryan to run out of mana wasn't wise either. Greek and Norse gods had already lost too many elder gods, and considering that those two were the core of their respective people, they couldn't afford to fail or even waste too much time.

Thor and Zeus looked at each other, and as if they had exchanged words mentally, they nodded. Thor stepped back, and that made Ryan frown. The next moment, Zeus disappeared, and practically at the same time Ryan was punched in the stomach. The impact didn't make him fly, but it shook his core. Maybe Zeus used much brute strength, but he certainly could cause critical and concentrated damage.

While Ryan's eyes were spinning, Thor raised his hammer and made another massive lightning bolt fall from the sky and hit him. It only lasted for a single instant, but a good part of Ryan's Frost Armor melted. Ryan's brain stopped working for a few moments due to the massive power of the attack, and then Zeus punched him in the stomach again they sure knew how to break the spirit of someone. Thor paralyzed and caused massive damage, while Zeus attacked Ryan's stomach and made him lose all the air in his lungs.

Congratulations! The skill Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Resistance has leveled up.

That scene repeated itself several times it was agonizing. Ryan only had time to restore his health, but not enough time to properly recover from the wounds. Their speed was so insane that he couldn't do anything else. It was overkill. From the very beginning, both of them knew that a single human couldn't fight any of them separately, even less so when they fought together. However, they needed to do that much. Otherwise, they will never recover the spirits of the elder gods.

However, they were forced to stop their combo when they saw Ryan's body changing. The corruption was spreading, and his anger made the miasma emanating from his body. As expected, they knew that Ryan still had a card up his sleeve However, before Ryan's vision could be taken by the corruption, he used Anger Manipulation and converted those feelings into mana he finally could use that to calm himself down and actually gain mana from it, thanks to the Spell Breaker class.

"I can't let this get the better of me so soon" Ryan muttered. "Even if I were to lose my mind, I can't see myself winning against those two. I need to defeat them while my head is cool."

Although Ryan knew that, he could only imagine for how long he would resist like that. After all, his body was already covered in blood and burn marks. Such was the power of the two strongest gods of Norse and Greek mythology.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1