Chapter 900: Difficult Question

Chapter 900: Difficult question

Ryan made the dark ice spear, but Zeus was the one who attacked; first, he knew that Ryan could become a pain if he gained the momentum while using a weapon like that at least for a while. Ryan moved his gloves and blocked Zeus's punch that aimed for his chin, but even though the gloves protected him from direct damage, the vibration still made him click his tongue. Regardless, Ryan had to endure that because he needed to focus on controlling the spear.

Congratulations! The skill Light Speed has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Death Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Light Speed has leveled up.

Thanks to Light Speed and Death Sense, Zeus was unable to catch Ryan off guard. For the time being, that was enough for him since his power was slowly building up. Ryan was also getting stronger, but not nearly fast enough compared with that crazy spell.

When the Dark Ice Spear finally was spinning around fast enough, at least for Ryan's standards. He made it fly toward Zeus, but it before it could hit him, Zeus moved away with his Light Speed. As expected, it will be bard to hit him with that massive spear unless Ryan wields it. However, even if he does that, Ryan is pretty sure that Zeus would use something to surprise him. Besides, he wasn't a spearman.

Ryan tried to block the lightning bolts from falling using the dark ice spear. Still, in the end, those passed nearby it, completely ignoring the weapon, even though it wasn't supposed to be possible.

Ryan dashed toward Zeus with all his might again, using the momentum Light Speed granted him, and the power of Concentrated Strike, Ryan made Zeus move backward a little. Even though the attack also damaged him, Ryan didn't stop there. He tried to punch with his left hand as well, but then Zeus was forced to escape when the dark ice spear approached to pierce him from behind.

"This is quite disappointing," Zeus said. "Can't you do better than this?"

"I could ask the same thing. You were a lot more troublesome when Thor was with you," Ryan replied.

Neither taunts actually worked. Usually, Ryan could do better than that, but he couldn't since he was worried about the time limit. Regardless, Ryan tried to use the same way of attacking several times. Still, not even when he boosted the power of his Telekinesis by using Mana Manipulation did he manage to hit Zeus with it. Eventually, Zeus became forty meters tall, and Ryan became unable to make him move with his punches. He still was running away from the spear, but without hitting him, it was essentially useless.

Ryan was starting to get impatient. Not even when he was fighting Zeus and Thor at the same time, he was making so little progress. Despite his frustration, Ryan still charged toward Zeus in order to punch him, this time. He didn't move the dark ice spear, so Zeus felt like playing with him a little. In the end, when Ryan's punch approached, Zeus only blocked it and then grabbed Ryan's arm. Still, before he could do anything, dozens of magic bows appeared around and were very close to him.

Zeus was surprised. At that angle, he wouldn't be able to block or even dodge the bolts. He tried to use Ryan's as a shield, but he naturally only fired those that wouldn't hit him. Zeus was hit by hundreds of bolts that stole his mana and decreased his Endurance. His calm expression finally broke a little, and then he threw Ryan to the ground after he tried to punch him in the face. Ryan's gloves got in the way.

The impact raised a massive curtain of smoke, but in the end, Ryan got up while smirking and feeling pretty refreshed. It seemed that he finally found a way to attack Zeus. Not to mention, his body shrunk a little. Those lightning bolts were charging him with mana, so if he uses too much or loses mana, he will decrease in size.

When Ryan got up, he soon was welcomed by a punch coming from Zeus. However, he protected his stomach with his gloves. Zeus insisted on attacking even though Ryan was blocking it for a while. Eventually, he retreated when he noticed the dark ice spear approaching.

"I need to steal his mana but I can't do that while wearing these gloves" Ryan thought. "Regardless, they are sturdy enough, and they can protect me from his attacks, so perhaps I should keep focusing on using Spiritualist's Crossbow to do that Wait, there is that skill Merlin, which class do I need to obtain to get Mana Stealer?"

"It is a special class called Spell Thief," Merlin replied. "It will cost you two hundred million mana points."

That was more than Ryan had currently he would need fifty million more. Still, would it be worth it? The skill would be at level one, after all. Until it can steal more mana than Zeus can gain due to those lightning bolts

Regardless, Ryan decided to keep using Spiritualist's Crossbow whenever possible alongside Light Speed. Thanks to that combination, he managed to recover twenty times more mana than he spent in a single second, after all. No wonder Zeus looked so pissed.

When Zeus tried to attack Ryan again, this time, he blocked the attack with a single glove. With his left hand, Ryan tried to punch. Blocking the attack wouldn't do Zeus any good, so he was forced to retreat again. Zeus stopped moving for a second and considered his options. If he takes his time, he won't have to worry about anything. Power will naturally come to him. However, he had a bad feeling coming from Ryan. Just attacking now and then didn't seem like a good idea against a foe like that should he use magic to paralyze Ryan as much as possible or conserve his mana in order to become physically stronger as soon as possible? That was a tough question, even for Zeus.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1