Chapter 895: Small Chance

Chapter 895: Small chance

Thor and Odin finally stopped their deadly sequence of attacks when they saw that the Dark Ice Breath instantly froze the air around Ryan. Two massive pillars of dark ice fell on the ground and smashed hundreds of king trolls. That was unexpected since endurance was also their forte.

"As expected, his power added with the corruption is something else," Zeus said. "I can see how defeated Poseidon, Thanatos, and Hypnos."

Ryan didn't use that power on Poseidon, but he didn't have to correct Zeus. Rather than that, he would use every single moment to come up with a better way to defeat those two pain in the asses.

"It seems that now you have 0.1 % chances of winning this fight," Merlin said.

" Because of the corruption?" Ryan frowned.

It was progress, but it was too dangerous to rely on that power now. Not to mention, the corruption had already taken over eighty percent of his body. The boost in power that he will receive probably won't increase his chances up to one percent. In any case, Ryan still could keep using Anger Manipulation to have some extra mana during that fight, so that much was fine for the time being.

"Sloth Aura isn't working probably because their divinity level is too high," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and then considered that. "What about Chronos' Ring?"

Even if he were to use Chronos' Ring, they could easily escape with Teleport unless Ryan seals the exterior with ice magic. Unfortunately, that would be deadly against those two it was like entering a cage he had created himself to take down those two. In any case, while they were analyzing the dark ice, Ryan decided to use the two pillars with Telekinesis. They won't break easily, so they might help him cause some blunt damage on those two assholes Ryan made the pillars spin around him as fast as possible in order to use them as the last line of defense and he could only pray that it would be enough.

At first, it didn't work Odin and Thor used their light speed to approach and pass through the pillars while they were spinning and attacked Ryan. Still, they soon retreated since he had predicted that and made the weapons approach. They teleported away instead of flying

" this hurt like hell, damn it," Ryan muttered while glaring at the enemies. "Still why they teleported? Their speed is better than Teleport are they afraid of getting close to those pillars?"

The corruption was there, but it was hard to believe that just getting close to those pillars would be so troublesome to them. However, considering how much damage and how weakened they become after getting hit by them, the previous elder gods showed to Ryan that corruption was like the worst poison in the universe for them.

That would cost him a lot more mana, but in the end, Ryan used it anyway. He enhanced the power of his Telekinesis by relying on Mana Manipulation. The spinning speed of the pillars increased exponentially, and even Zeus finally showed an annoyed expression. It was only obvious since the massive pillars created some tornadoes that were even making the king trolls fly to the distance.

Suddenly, Thor and Zeus raised their arms, and then, numerous lightning bolts fell toward Ryan. Naturally, he used the pillars to block those, but they wouldn't last forever. Still, that much was fine. Ryan already knew that those two were afraid of the pillars Ryan used one to block the lightning bolts and made the other spin around its own axis. Once it gained enough speed, Ryan activated Deadly Aim and Perfect and then threw it toward Zeus.

Zeus decided to outspeed it and then attack Ryan from one of the sides since now he was unable to protect himself from two directions. In the end, he succeeded in doing so. He punched Ryan's left side until his body was bent to the side, but he had to stop because the speed of the pillar also wasn't something to laugh at. Zeus tried to keep moving around, but the pillar followed him, and he barely had the chance to land two punches on Ryan. At some point, he decided to attack with bigger versions of his bolts, and while they were causing damage it wasn't causing damage fast enough.

"I am going to dispose of this," Zeus said. "Use your head a little, and you will be fine."

Thor nodded. Both of them knew that the kinetic energy of the pillar wouldn't last for more than a few minutes, perhaps less than a minute, if Zeus finds something sturdy enough to hit that. Zeus found some mountains and made the pillar pass by those. Still, thanks to its spinning speed, it passed through like the mountain was made of bubbles the same thing happened a few times before he realized that only that wouldn't be enough.

When Ryan felt Zeus's presence disappearing in the distance. He immediately flew toward Thor and made the pillar attack him, now was the time to kill one of them he couldn't afford to defeat either of them without killing in order to make a weapon out of their spirits, after all.

Thor wasn't the type to run away from a fight, so he swung his hammer toward the dark ice pillar and made the object move backward quite a bit, and it also made some fragments of the pillar fly in the distance. Ryan looked at them and had an idea... Regardless, Not even his hammer could destroy that that only made Ryan eager to fight.

Thor was forced to stop his lightning bolts, so Ryan summoned Gungnir and Mithril Crossbow of the Unrivalled Sorcerer. While attacking with the dark ice pillar, Ryan also fired dark bolts to make Mjolnir heavier and also attacked Thor from a distance with Gungnir.

"My son" Odin said. "It seems that even you are having trouble dealing with Ryan."

"King Odin I will free you in the blink of an eye," Thor said.

Ryan was pretty annoyed, and that statement only made things worse. He began to attack much more fiercely than before, and he tried to cut Thor's ligaments.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1