Chapter 898: True Power

Chapter 898: True power

Thor's Iron Gloves (Heroic)

Effect: Those indestructible gloves give you protection when using Mjolnir and electricity at the same time. No matter what happens, it will protect you frown your own attacks.

Durability: Indestructible

Thor's belt (Heroic)

Effect: It grants you a bonus of fifty percent on your strength.

Durability: 2000/2000

It has been a while since Ryan had any upgrade on his equipment. Aside from his bows and crossbows, he wasn't interested in crafting anything, after all. In any case, before leaving, he gave Merlin the order to level up his Electric Absorption using all the coins he had. After all, Zeus had been firing lightning bolts against the barrier for a while. Their numbers were impressive, just like their intensity, and yet, there was no sign of him running out of mana Ryan truly will need to increase his resistance against electric attacks

Congratulations! The skill Electric Absorption has reached level 326.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Absorption has reached level 327.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Absorption has reached level 328.

"Only this much?" Ryan frowned. "You are not scamming me, are you, Merlin?"

"No. You see, Absorption is the last level in all resistance-type skills, so it is only natural that it will cost more to level it up," Merlin explained. "Besides, do you know that all these level-ups will decrease the damage you may suffer from electric attacks in more than thirty-two thousand points?"

"Yeah, but I was hoping with this many coins, I would become completely invulnerable against electric attacks," Ryan replied.

"I wish that I was born human. I would be able to be this reason, and I also would be able to blame my organic matter for such foolishness," Merlin said.

"You are acting like you are so smart, but you said that I didn't have any chance in defeating them, and yet, I defeated Thor," Ryan said. "Maybe we need to send you back to the technical support of the enterprise that built you since you are obviously not working properly."

"I am working properly. You only won because Zeus and Hera were scheming beyond everyone's backs," Merlin said.

"If you don't mind, I want you to leave," Loki said. "My barrier is about to collapse, and there are many king trolls that I have to kill after all this."

" My bad," Ryan said and then forced a smile.

As soon as Ryan left the domain, he was immediately attacked by dozens of lightning bolts. Although he could at light speed and dodge them, he decided to see how much damage he could take now. As it turns out, he could see a difference. Each attack still could take ten thousand points of his health that was around three percent of his total when he is in draconic form. However, the paralysis effect is still as strong as ever.

"I still can't let those hit me, huh" Ryan muttered.

Death Sense warned Ryan, and then he used Light Speed to move away from that spot. In the next moment, he only saw Zeus standing in the place he had been after he had punched the air. The motion of his punch made the air around vibrate and even created small lightning bolts, but Ryan ignored that.

"You obtained his power" Zeus said after he turned around. "I am impressed that you can use it already with such mastery."

"Dexterity is my highest attribute, after all," Ryan shrugged. "Control is also pretty high, so it is only natural that I would be able to do it. Besides, the less I move, the less mana I will use."

"You learn it quickly," Zeus smiled. "It is a pity that you were born just a lowly human, and it is also a pity that you had committed many crimes against us."

"Yeah, I heard of that before. Someone much more convincing and admirable told me that." Ryan said. "Since not even Odin convinced me of my crimes, you won't be able to pull it off. After all, you are someone who probably had to rely on Hera's schemes on many occasions to keep your throne. You cheated on her so many times, and she killed or tried to kill so many of your children, and you never abandoned her you are pathetic. No wonder that asshole is like that. He has your blood, after all."

Ryan's words of utter contempt made Zeus so made that a dark aura appeared around him. It was only an illusion created by his bloodlust. Still, it was enough to make Ryan sweat cold. However, he enjoyed that quite a bit get on the nerves of the enemy.

Zeus raised both of his arms upward, and then Ryan prepared to dodge a big attack. However, nothing came. Instead of that, the dark clouds above grew thicker, and the bolts happening inside also grew more frequent. Soon after, Zeus fired a massive torrent of electricity toward it, and then he lowered his arms. In the next instant, a lightning bolt fell and almost hit Ryan that was odd. Zeus didn't do anything, after all.

"Ah you sent your energy so that the clouds could detect the mana of everyone below, aside from you, of course," Ryan said. "Now I can be attacked from above automatically, and you can focus on attacking directly."

Zeus smiled after he heard that. A lightning bolt fell and hit Zeus in the next moment, but he didn't even flinch. Instead of that, his body seemed bigger, and his presence also seemed more powerful it seemed that Ryan was only half-correct.

"I will show you the power that I used to defeat my father, Cronus, during the Titanomachy," Zeus said.

"Let's hope that such power will be enough and you won't need Hera's help again," Ryan said. "Come to think of it, you probably relied on her to win the war. I am not your descendant, and I am pretty happy for it, but I will make sure to make history repeat itself. Just like Cronus defeated Uranus and you defeated Cronus I will defeat you. "

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1