Chapter 897: Thunder Lord

Chapter 897: Thunder lord

"Loki" Zeus said as if he was chewing something very unpleasant. "For such a cowardly god, you sure have some nerve. Where are the human and Thor?"

"Fear not, almighty Zeus," Loki said. "Ryan is about to wake up, and knowing him, I am sure he will finish his business with you. I just brought those two to my domain because I smelled something fishy, and I was right. Hera was really around."

"You dirty little" Hera bit her lips in exasperation.

"Let's not insult each other before the fight," Loki said. "I knew that I wouldn't be able to fight against Zeus and Thor, but I can fight you, Hera. Our powers are really similar, after all. I will see you soon."

Zeus and Hera looked at each other and then decided to attack Loki's domain before Ryan could wake up. If anyone could see that, they would think the world was ending, and the epicenter was Loki's domain. Hundreds of lightning bolts began to hit the barrier with every passing second.

----- -----

The sound and the tremors of the lightning bolts were what made Ryan wake up. He looked to the ceiling of the barrier and felt like Earth was being destroyed. Suddenly he got up and then recognized Belphegor's domain, which he sold to Loki. He saw the unconscious Thor on his left side, bleeding from his head, and on his right side, he saw Loki.

" What happened?" Ryan frowned.

"Your attacks knocked down each other," Loki replied. "After that, I brought you two here because this fight was more or less something Hera had planned."

As quickly as possible, Loki explained what happened in the last few minutes. Ryan imagined that his plan had been too good since Zeus didn't get rid of the pillar so soon. However, how Hera planned that?

"It seems she can see the future," Loki said. "That is a power I definitely want, so while you faze Zeus, I will defeat her."

That was in Ryan's plans, but there was another thing that he didn't understand. Loki had the chance to defeat Thor, but he didn't do it. And yet, he helped the man who defeated his brother that wasn't something someone was supposed to do just for amusement.

"Why did you do this, Loki?" Ryan asked.

"Why? Because it is interesting," Loki replied. "I am sure you watched many movies where you rooted for the underdog. It is even more fascinating to see one in real life. Not to mention, the elder gods already ruled this world once. Why would I let the same thing happen again? The same boring things will happen. That is not interesting."

As expected, Ryan felt that he would never understand Loki. His way of thinking was just too incompatible with his. Instead of wasting time with that, he decided to get up and then seal Thor's spirit in another weapon. However, before Ryan could select a weapon, Loki gave him a mithril bow.

"Let's at least put my brother inside a decent weapon," Loki said. "Thor is insufferable, but I don't want to see him being used in a poor weapon."

"Sure" Ryan said.

Lightning God Bow Crossbow (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using the bow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods. At the cost of two thousand points of mana, it grants you the power to damage any enemy that you can see instantly and paralyze them for a while according to their resistances. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity, and other skills and equipment can't affect the damage caused. This bow can fire projectiles at the speed of light.

Dexterity + 3600, Intelligence + 2000, Speed + 2000

Durability: 2500/2500

You obtained 9.296.475.777 coins.

Congratulations! For defeating Thor, you have become a Level one Thunder Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Light Speed, Electric Absorption, and Instant Learning.

All of your status has increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Light Speed.

Effect: It grants the power to move at light speed, this skill also enhances your reaction speed, but even so, you might want to be careful in order not to hit something while moving. With each level up. The cost of the skill will decrease by ten points per level.

Cost: 20.000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Absorption.

Effect: It decreases the effects of all-related attacks by one hundred points per level. When you succeeding in nullifying all the damage, you will be able to turn the enemy attack into health, mana, and stamina.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Instant Learning.

Effect: Thanks to the power of lightning, your brain can analyze faster skills, and that grants you the power to learn them instantly. As long as it isn't a skill that has a high level of divinity, you can learn it instantly and make it level up as fast as possible based on the level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Oh, boy this is quite insane," Ryan frowned.

The cost of Light Speed was quite something, but its usefulness more than makes up for it. Ryan would be able to move at unbelievable speeds from the very beginning, and the cost will decrease over time. Instant Learning was also something else did Thor know that? He didn't seem like the type who learns fast

"You should take those two," Loki said, pointing toward Thor's hammer, gloves, and belt. "While Zeus relied on Hera to find the best method to use the Norse gods, he isn't a weakling. He will show his true power now you will need all the help you can get."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1