Chapter 101: Salamanders

Chapter 101: Salamanders

When the sun started to rise, Alissa woke up and then soon saw Ryan facing her. It looked like he was in a bad mood for some reason.

"Do I snore too loudly?" Alissa asked.

"Yes, but that is not the problem here," Ryan said. "Look around and tell me what you see."

"A peaceful grove?" Alissa frowned.

"Yes a peaceful grove," Ryan said. "How can exist a peaceful grove when the world is ending thanks to the invasion of monsters and dragons?"

"Ah about that," Alissa forced an awkward smile. "Sorry, but apparently, the monster can't approach me due to Orgar's spirit inside my body. Even monsters are afraid of death, and since the difference of power is too big, they keep a certain distance."

Ryan sighed. At some point, he began to imagine that was the case. Still, it would be troublesome if he only faces monsters inside dungeons unless the speed of her dragon form makes him cross hundreds of kilometers in a couple of hours.

"Anyway you said that you looked for other people to help you, right?" Ryan asked. "How were things in other cities? Did you investigate any place other than America?"

" You had to make me remember that," Alissa sighed. "Most of the major cities have been nuked, I found some monsters nearby even though those areas probably have a high-level of radiation, but I found no-survivors near them. That being said, I didn't have time to check all states, but I do know that New York, Washington, San Diego, and Miami are still standing. The dragons destroyed most of the things in those places, but they haven't been nuked. And no, I didn't go to other countries, I can only speak English, after all."

Maybe Ryan was super estimating the power of a dragon. After all, Orgar did say that he thinks that their powers have decreased. In any case, some cities were still standing despite being overrun by monsters. While that wasn't exactly good, at least the whole country hadn't gone to hell.

"What? Do you want to go to those places and play the hero?" Alissa asked.

"If I have the opportunity and I am close enough, I would like to go there and kill the monsters," Ryan said. "After all, the more monsters I fight, the more coins I gain and the faster my skills level up."

"Mmm I guess that is fine then," Alissa rubbed her chin and then said.

What was fine? The fact that the person she decided to work with was working with only his goals in mind or the fact that he wasn't interested in helping on the construction of other survivors' camps? Either way, that kind of word made Ryan confirm that Alissa really hated goody-two-shoes. Probably because not a single one of them never did anything for her. Although that kind of thinking was dangerous, Ryan had no reason to correct her.

"We don't have anything to eat here," Alissa said. "So, let's find a dungeon."

"Good thinking. While you can hold your own with your current powers, he needs to become stronger since most likely. We will face more powerful foes on other worlds."

Ryan was aware that without some preparations and the surprise element, he probably couldn't even kill a T-Rex, but hear that from a monster whose species was destroying Earth was annoying. Even though Orgar was probably unrelated to all the destruction caused by his brothers and the sisters or whatever they call themselves. In any case, Ryan's job would start with him cleaning a dungeon, so he couldn't ask for more.

"Hop on," Alissa said.

In the next moment, and very suddenly, Alissa turned into a massive black dragon. Even Ryan was left speechless since the whole transformation happened without him seeing a smoke curtain or seeing her body becoming grossly massive. In any case, after recovery from the shock, Ryan jumped on her back and immediately began to hold a scale with his left hand.

"Heh I thought you would be more careful while jumping on a girl's back," Alissa said.

"I don't see any girls here," Ryan said. "Just shut up and find the nearest dungeon."

"Ugh," Alissa grunted.

"Who died and made you the leader of this team?"

"A team? Where? I don't see any," Ryan said. "We are only working together for the sake of convenience. If you guys hadn't saved me, I would have refused your offer without thinking twice."

"Really? Even though you would be able to cross long distances without moving your legs?" Alissa asked.

"Yes," Ryan said. "Now, just like I said, start to fly. There are monsters to be killed and coins to be received."

Although she started slowly since Alissa wasn't that used yet to the massive body of a dragon. Eventually, she began to fly at unbelievable speed and several kilometers above the soil. From that distance, no one would recognize a dragon only another dragon. That kind of thing gave Ryan another idea shouldn't he hunt other dragons with the help of those two? In the end, he changed his mind because he wanted to do that alone. Besides, even though he was different, Orgar probably wouldn't fight against other members of his race.

Regardless, Ryan had a hard time trying not to fall while using a single hand. Fortunately, Alissa's speed was impressive, and she found another dungeon several dozens of kilometers away from Shreveport. The monsters being spawned there were salamanders, so Ryan wasn't quite sure if they would be a tasty breakfast.

Salamander - Lv 10

Health: 300/300

Mana: 800 /800

Stamina: 400/400

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dash Lv 10

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 15

Spells: Flamethrower Lv 15

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 40

"It is just me, or they are becoming quite stronger by the day?" Ryan muttered while Alissa was approaching the dungeon.

"Apparently, while monsters don't have some parts of the system that humans have, they have a certain characteristic," Alissa said. "They can become naturally stronger if the level of mana in a certain planet increases. Although I didn't do anything for a few days after Orgar gave me his powers, some skills just leveled up by themselves."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1