Chapter 108: Pride

Chapter 108: Pride

Much to Ryan's despair, Alissa, just by seeing his face, she discovered that he really wanted to learn Telekinesis. Weirdly enough, even though that was the power and the knowledge she obtained through Orgar's spirit, she knew how to teach someone the best way to learn Telekinesis. While that was awesome, Ryan didn't want to owe her a single more thing.

"I'm fine," Ryan said. "You don't need to teach me. I will find my own way to learn it or buy the tome."

" What do you think, Orgar?" Alissa asked. "His pride is reaching the same level of dragons at a crazy speed, right?"

"I do not think so."

Although it would be convenient to learn Telekinesis as soon as possible, it would be inconvenient in the long run. When people help each other, a bond is formed, and even if that isn't something they decided to do consciously if an opportunity arises, they will help each other again. Ryan didn't want that, not anymore. He truly wanted to live by his own rules and doing whatever he wanted alone. So, it would be great if Ryan could save Alissa's life to cancel his debt, but with the power that she had, that chance probably will never come. That is why he decided to help her, but at the same time, he would do everything in his power for when the time comes to cut all his ties with her. It looked like a pretty harsh way of life, but it was perfect for Ryan since he wouldn't have to worry about small stuff that would keep bothering him if he isn't careful.

Regardless, so many things happened that Ryan forgot that he learned some spells by himself. The fact that he was also so focused on leveling up his main skills also contributed to that, but it was time to keep improving his magic skills, even though the only thing he wanted was to keep increase his attack range and power.

"Learning Telekinesis by myself seems impossible without getting incredibly lucky, but I should be able to learn more simple spells. The problem is: all the magical knowledge that I obtained is quite complicated to understand and study. The tomes don't give me all the details of how to use mana, and they just make me able to use it. It is like trying to teach someone who to breathe"

While Ryan was thinking about that, they approached the demons' territory, and the creatures began to bother them even more frequently. Thanks to Strong Arms and Herculean Strength, Ryan was also to pierce the demons' head and heart with his bone arrows just by throwing them and thus save some mana. Now he just has to find a way to use that mana to learn new things.

"It is quite a weird fighting style," Alissa said while she was freezing some slimes with ice shards, and then she ate them after transforming for a second. "Yep, this isn't as good as ice cream, but it will do."

Ryan thought the last person who could say anything about weirdness was Alissa, but he decided not to say that out loud. Thanks to the training last night, Ryan could fight the demons without having to use too much of his mana. Still, that was only possible because the demons were vicious but stupid enough always to try to attack him by flying in a straight line. Besides, they didn't have long-ranged attacks. Against an enemy with sharp instincts or a bit smarter, Ryan wouldn't be able to hit the mark that frequently. Still, that much was fine since he was only starting to develop that fighting style.

Unfortunately, even though Ryan had some mana to use and experiment with new techniques and spells, he had no idea how to perform them. He wanted to learn things like Fireball, Firewall, Fire Tornado, but he didn't have a single clue as to how to make his mana become turn like that. Rather, he didn't even know to use his mana outside his body without a medium.

"You look troubled," Alissa said. "What is going on?"

"It is nothing," Ryan said and then cast a Mana Shield in front of them to block the dark sphere that a slime fired.

Ryan tried to apply the principles of Mana Transfusion and Fire Manipulation in order to control some earth, but he failed. Weirdly enough, he thought that was the exact thing would have to do in order to learn Earth Manipulation, but he failed anyway. It wasn't that surprising that he wasn't skilled at using mana since he wasn't that creative. Still, it was a bit annoying.

"I guess I will have to improvise with the cards that I have on my hand"

Manipulate earth wasn't possible, but then Ryan tried to create an earth knife by using Auto-Production. Somehow, by using one hundred points of mana, Ryan created the knife, but the system didn't even recognize that as a weapon since it was so weak and frail.

Congratulations! The skill Auto-Production has leveled up.

Auto-Production Lv 1  Lv 3

You obtained 02 status points.

"I need to level up skills like these and make them more efficient. Maybe in the future, they will give me some insight. Besides, it is much less troublesome to trust in this kind of skill instead of something like magic training."

Magic would be necessary to fight from now on, but given that he wasn't skilled at learning new things and spells were stupidly expensive, Ryan decided to use the things that he already knew and improve the simple tools in his hands. Throwing arrows like darts wasn't impressive for the time being, but if Ryan keeps improving it, he will probably reach a crazy level at it one day.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1