Chapter 105: The Terrors Of The Sea...

Chapter 105: The terrors of the sea...

Dragons Ryan wouldn't mind hunting more of them since those beasts were destroying his home planet. However, even though he was a hot-blooded guy, Ryan knew that his chances of dying fighting against another dragon were pretty high under normal circumstances. First of all, he was planning to fight alone. After all, Orgar was a dragon, and Alissa wanted to help a dragon. Although Orgar didn't seem angry at Ryan for killing one, he wouldn't work together with him to slay his kin. Not that he was planning to do that in the first place.

"Well, now what should I do?"

Currently, Ryan was on Alissa's back on her dragon form while she was flying toward Houston. With that speed, they would arrive in less than an hour. So, Ryan had less than one hour to come up with a plan of how to fight the dragons.

"Don't worry, Ryan," Alissa said. "Even though I am not a real dragon, they won't attack me, and thus they will leave you alone as well. I saw some of them before, and they couldn't even look at me directly."

Ryan considered that, but that wasn't the problem. Would he ignore the creatures that were destroying his planet even though he didn't have to fight? The answer was no. Although he couldn't care less about most people, he couldn't just turn a blind eye to the monsters that were attacking Earth for no good reason.

"What are you going to do if I decide to fight them?" Ryan asked.

"Just watch, I guess," Alissa replied. "Orgar has no reason to fight them, so I don't have it either. Still, I can understand why you would want to fight them. That being said, I won't help if that happens."

"While that is fine by me, are you sure that you are fine with that?" Ryan asked. "Should you really use the opinions and wishes of others to create your own opinions and wishes?"

"Yes, he is my savior, after all," Alissa said. "Whether human civilization falls or not, it doesn't matter to me. Whatever happens, even if all humans perish, I know that this planet will continue to exist in the end. Even if that doesn't happen, I won't feel bothered by it. I will just move to another planet while I search for the answer Orgar wants."

That was a pretty harsh way of thinking for a human considering the stories of sick women Ryan saw in countless movies, people in Alissa's position were supposed to think that all life was precious. However, for some reason, while Alissa was on the bed of a hospital for who knows how long, she accepted from the deepest parts of her heart that the survival of the fittest was absolute even though she wasn't one of the fittest.

Was that due to Orgar's power? Did Orgar make Alissa change her mindset? Or Alissa truly believed in that since the very beginning? Ryan had no idea which was the correct option. Things were a bit more complicated for him. While he doesn't mind helping a few people here and there, ultimately, Ryan only wanted to focus on clearing dungeons. However, considering that most dragons saw humans as an easy pretty and they were destroying everything, they will always be Ryan's enemies.

"I guess things aren't as simple as I thought they were"

In the end, Ryan decided to fight. He was determined not to run away from those who see him as an enemy or food. Even if the odds were against him, he would fight. One would have to try really hard to force Ryan to become a part of the food chain's bottom.

Unfortunately, all that thinking was for naught. When they reached Houston, they found that the city hadn't been nuked. However, the dragons weren't there even though the place had been burned down almost completely due to them.

"Did you make a mistake?" Ryan asked.

"No, they are in this direction, but they are a bit further south," Alissa replied. "It looks like they are fighting in the ocean."

"Against the navy?" Ryan asked.

"Against other monsters" Alissa replied. "Dragons are probably the most powerful race of monsters, but they can't exactly fight in all ambients. It looks like the megalodons are giving them quite a lot of trouble."

"Megalodons? Seriously?" Ryan opened his eyes widely.

"Yep, we will find other species of dinosaurs in other continents probably," Alissa said. "Anyway, it looks like this is a jackpot."

Ryan had looked only for dragons, so he missed the small monsters that could fly. When he focused his eyes on them, Ryan couldn't help but frown. It was a species of monster than he had never seen before, even in games he saw it in some animations and movies, but he never expected to see them in real life. Those creatures were humanoid, but they were far from humans, even farthest than any kind of monster. They had a pair of horns on their heads, fallen angel wings full of holes were on their backs. Their skin was red so red that it looked like they didn't have several layers of skin that they should have. Their eyes were completely black, and even though some of them looked like men and women, they had no genitals.

"Those are" Ryan frowned.

"Humanoid demons," Alissa said. "Maybe the dragons left this place since they got tired of fighting those creatures."

Now that Alissa mentioned it, Ryan looked down and saw those creatures fighting against other monsters. While some were on their side, the vast majority was against them, and what's more they were completely ruthless. Some of them were even laughing just after cutting off the limbs of their foes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1