Chapter 102: Appetite

Chapter 102: Appetite

That was bad really bad. Humans could grow stronger pretty fast, but if dragons and monsters continue to get even stronger just like that the war against monsters wouldn't end well for the humans. Ryan was doing his part, so he didn't have to worry about too much. As expected, the salamanders began to run away when they felt the approach of a dragon.

"It looks like the limit of their senses is two hundred meters," Ryan said and then pulled his bow. "I guess this isn't half bad."

Without wasting time, Ryan began to fire. Even at that distance and while the monsters were running, he hit several of them before running out of mana. It was all thanks to his high dexterity that also increase the speed of his projectiles.

You obtained eighteen coins.

You obtained eighteen coins.

You obtained eighteen coins.

"Not bad, not bad at all," Ryan said after he jumped from Alissa's back and then landed. "Although this might not be the best place to use the flame sword, it is a decent place to hunt."

Ryan frowned, and then his mouth was hanging open when he saw Alissa, on her dragon form, taking out the bone arrows and then eating the salamanders as a whole. It was quite a gruesome sight, considering that her normal form was of a human.

"Didn't I mention you?" Alissa asked. "Dragons have a pretty impressive appetite. Unless I eat in this form, I will have to spend the entire day eating things to satisfy my hunger."

That wasn't quite what Ryan was worried about, but Regardless, he decided to focus on his job ahead. For some reason, the salamanders left the dungeon as usual, even though Alissa was nearby. They only felt her presence and started to run when they stepped out of the dungeon. While that was weird, Ryan decided to think that it was because the whole dungeon was like a part of the purple crystal, and due to the mana of the crystal, they couldn't tell what was waiting for them outside the dungeon.

"This reminds me I left a decent amount of equipment on that dungeon," Ryan sighed. "Oh, well returning with Alissa would be a pain in the ass since those guys will annoy me with their questions."

Although his coins were pilling up nicely, Ryan decided to do something else instead of just firing arrows. He was twenty meters away from the dungeon, and from that distance, the chances of him missing were virtually none. That wasn't much training for his aim, so he decided to use Fire Manipulation.

When the salamanders opened their mouth and used Flamethrower, Ryan blocked the attack with their left hand. Although the heat was quite strong, he completely could stop their attacks for three seconds. The level of the skill was low, so Ryan had to use a lot of mana to stop it.

"I guess this is fine," Ryan said. "Since I can train Heat Resistance and Fire Manipulation."

"You should hurry up. Our goal here is to make you obtain a new class and get stronger just like that. While coins can be useful, killing monsters at this speed isn't worth the hassle."

It wasn't from a dragon's perspective, but from Ryan's was. Humans weren't born unbelievably powerful like dragons, so they had to proceed steadily. Still, it's kind of makes sense. It would be more efficient if Ryan clears as many dungeons as possible.

"I want to obtain a class, too," Alissa said. "I don't know when I will be able to train it, though."

"I guess that is fine," Ryan said. "Just don't attack, but stay inside the last part of the dungeon, and that should be enough."

Salamanders were stronger than velociraptors. At least the system recognized that since they could Flamethrower pretty frequently. That being said, Ryan couldn't imagine the boss of that dungeon being stronger than a T-rex. Still, Ryan bought those same ten potions of mana and stamina.

"I guess this much is fine," Ryan nodded to himself. "It is just enough for we have to have a fair fight."

"You sure worry about the weirdest things," Alissa said, and then she began pulling to the outside of the dungeon the last salamander Ryan killed. "I guess this is a male's pride, right Orgar?"

"You aren't that off the mark. Still, he is far from the level of pride of dragons. Creatures like us would never bring potions to a fight."

"If I were born knowing how to fly and breathe fire, I probably wouldn't prepare this much either," Ryan shrugged.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan and Alissa entered the dungeon. Although they couldn't see anything that was emitting that, the place was quite hot. The theory that the dungeon itself was part of the purple crystal was becoming more and more logical. In any case, Ryan began to wonder how Alissa was planning to take all the salamanders' bodies to outside the dungeon, but the truth is, she wasn't planning to do that. When Ryan turned around to ask that, he saw her head transforming and then in a single bite. She chews the salamander before returning back to normal. That didn't make any sense since the monsters couldn't have been digested that fast.

"What?" Alissa asked.

"From all the weirdest things I saw since the monsters appeared, you definitely take the first place," Ryan frowned. "I can imagine that hospital food isn't that good, but from my perspective, you adapted yourself to the diet of a dragon pretty fast."

"Well, you know what they say: there is no better sauce than hunger," Alissa said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1