Chapter 103: Dungeon Cleared

Chapter 103: Dungeon Cleared

As expected, the boss of the dungeon was just a big salamander. Although Ryan was disappointed, the status of the monsters was anything but disappointing. Most people would have a hard time against the monster, but not Ryan, who could cause a lot of damage with the first strike.

Elder Salamander - Lv 40

Health: 4.000 /4.000

Mana: 8.000 /8.000

Stamina: 7.000/7.000

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Roar Lv 20

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 35

Spells: Flamethrower Lv 35

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 80

Congratulations! The skill Appraisal has leveled up.

Appraisal Lv 9  Lv 10

Effect: This shows you the basic information of all living beings. The amount of information shown will increase the more the skill levels up.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"Mmm As expected, the stronger the monster, the faster the skills used on them level up," Ryan nodded to himself. "Hey, do you guys mind if I level up Appraisal a little bit here?"

"I don't mind," Alissa said.

"I am not sure how long humans consider a little bit in terms of time. If it is ten minutes, then sure go ahead."

It wasn't very pleasant to ask for the opinions of others, but Ryan didn't have much another choice there, even though he wanted to train an essential skill. It was a bit risky, but Ryan decided to use all his mana potions to level up Appraisal as much as possible in a short amount of time. He was more or less confident that he wouldn't need much mana to defeat that monster, after all. In the end, Ryan leveled up Appraisal three more times by using those potions.

Elder Salamander - Lv 40

Health: 4.000 /4.00

Mana: 8.000 /8.000

Stamina: 7.000/7.000

Strength: 350 (+30)

Dexterity: 450 (+40)

Speed: 500 (+80)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Roar Lv 20

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 35

Spells: Flamethrower Lv 35

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 80

"You are such a serious guy" Alissa said. "Orgar was joking, you know."

"I was not."

"We are a team now, Orgar," Alissa said. "We have to act in a manner that will benefit us all."

"He said that we are not a team, and he is right. Besides, he owes you and not the other way around. Until he shows some result, you shouldn't let him do whatever he wants."

"But I will get a class for free after this," Alissa said.

" True, but you could have obtained yourself much faster alone."

Ryan sighed. Things were much noisier than he expected they would be. Next time, he would give all the coins and the items he has; if someone saves his life again, it would be better than be forced to hear all that bullshit. After making a mental note of not accepting such a partnership even again, Ryan began to prepare for the attack.

Ryan used his Incomplete Reptilian Transformation and then created a bone arrow. He wouldn't be able to use a full-powered Power Shot without mana potions, but that was fine. He just needs to hit the target's head a single time, and then the rest would be easy. When his transformation was about to be canceled, Ryan fired the arrow, and in the next moment, a huge impact happened at the end of the dungeon. Even though Ryan only the Elder salamander's head, the dungeon trembled slightly, and some dust fell on his head. The creature didn't die instantly, but Ryan confirmed that his attack destroyed a good part of the monster's head. Even pieces of the monster's brain were left on the ground.

"That is a monster's vitality for you," Ryan said after he was forcefully moved to the last part of the dungeon. "Its brain suffered a lot of damage, but it is alive."

"What a gruesome sight I don't think I will be able to eat this one," Alissa frowned.

"You should see yourself transforming and eating the salamanders" Ryan said and then began to meditate to recover his mana.

Although the boss had more health than T-rex, it didn't have nearly the same amount of endurance. That was probably because the monster could use magic. Regardless, after a while, Ryan finished the boss, but he didn't receive any notification aside from the coins that he received. The boss was that weak

You obtained 800 coins.

"That was pretty impressive," Alissa said while pointing at his potions on Ryan's backpack. "No wonder you defeated that red dragon. Still, it is quite surprising that you are the type who worries too much."

The boss dropped a single ring conveniently enough. It was another ring of the immortal. After that, he headed toward the treasure chest, hoping that the classes there would excite him more than the boss did.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Spy, Marine, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Those were some weird classes" Ryan frowned. "It looks like your luck isn't that good this time."

"It looks like I can't see the classes unless you choose yours," Alissa said. "Well, it doesn't matter if the classes are useful or not. My status thanks to Orgar are stupidly high, and so is the skill list."

Now that Ryan thought about it, what would happen if Alissa obtains a class that will grant her skills that she already has? That piece of information seemed interesting, so Ryan hurried to choose his next class.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1