Chapter 104: Class: Sage

Chapter 104: Class: Sage

Since Ryan wasn't planning to fight on the sea anytime soon and he already was satisfied with his stealth skills, for the time being, he decided to pick the Sage class. He had no idea which skills he would obtain from getting that, so he was kind of excited.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Sage!

You obtained the following skills: Mana Shield, Meditation, and Active Spiritual Recovery.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by two points, your health, stamina, recovery, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Shield.

Effect: It creates a shield of mana that can block attacks from a single direction. The shield will last until it suffers enough damage to be destroyed.

Durability: Intelligence x 10%

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! Considering that you already have the skill Meditation, your skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Active Spiritual Recovery.

Effect: Recovers your mana after defeating your enemies. The amount of mana recovered will be equal to the level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan didn't have to wait. He learned the answer to his last question by himself. While not learning a new skill was a bit disappointing, leveling up one that he had fives in the blink of an eye and even obtain the status points wasn't half bad.

"You look satisfied," Alissa frowned. "I guess even you can smile now and then here comes the frowning again."

" Whatever," Ryan sighed. "You can choose your class now."

While Alissa was busy considering her options, Ryan resumed his task of hunting salamanders. While he was doing that, he confirmed that Alissa was right. Even with the world in that situation, he still could enjoy himself. At first, it looked like he was pursuing power for the sake of pursuing power, but Ryan realized that wasn't the case. He was pursuing that sense of accomplishment that he could only feel after getting a new class. He worked hard and deserved that reward. The stronger were rewarded in that world, and Ryan felt good while being rewarded for his accomplishments, but he couldn't help but wonder was that really fine? Many others out there didn't have the same luck as him of finding a perfect dungeon near his home.

"I thought I was an unlucky guy I lost my parents, my fiance cheated on me with my best friend, and then the end of the world came. However, there are people out there who have been even more unlucky than me."

Zoe, Arthur even Alissa had it harder than Ryan. For obvious reasons, Ryan started to feel pretty pathetic while recalling how he acted in the last weeks he truly lost everything in a single week, but he also had everything for twenty-two years. Maybe, Ryan was

"I should stop thinking. I survive until now with this mindset, and I don't plan to change it."

"Our mission here is over. Let's move on."

Only now, Ryan realized that he wasn't actually hearing Orgar. The dragon was using Telepathy to talk directly into his and Alissa's mind. While that was impressive, Ryan was more interested in what else the dragons could do since they looked like a limitless source of power.

"You sure are in a hurry," Ryan said. "Do dragons have a short lifespan or something?"

"Fool. Dragons are the creatures who have the strongest life force, add that with the source of power know as mana and even the weakest of us can live for hundreds of years."

"I thought you had amnesia," Ryan said. "How do you know that?"

"I conclude that after combining the information I obtained after using certain skills. For example, I have a skill that can tell me your lifespan, and I use that information and then make some calculations every time you increase one of your attributes."

Dragons really had some useful skills to a point where Ryan thought it was pretty unfair. They were already very powerful, to begin with, and they could even see the lifespan of all creatures

"Sorry, Ryan, but we all will have to compromise here," Alissa said when they left the dungeon. "Orgar keeps nagging me that we focus on looking for the information we want. So, in order for all of us to feel satisfied, we will investigate one big city every day and explore a single dungeon after."

"I don't mind, considering that some cities got nuked, then it is pretty obvious that we will find some dungeons there," Ryan said. "Besides, as I said before, I won't mind hunting the thousands of monsters that are in those places. Still you decided that to make me and Orgar comfortable, but what about you? What do you really want to do?"

"Me? I am fine with whatever happens," Alissa smiled. "I can walk, fly and go to anywhere I want. That is more than I ever asked for, so I am more than satisfied."

Alissa didn't have a goal she was helping Orgar, but she didn't want to do anything else. While that wasn't unexpected given that she was sick in a hospital and slowly dying a few weeks ago and now she has draconic powers, it was a bit sad. Still, it was better than seeking world domination a huge deal of people in her position would try that, after all.

"This nearest big city that I didn't investigate was Houston," Alissa said. "We are going there, and I think you should prepare yourself because I can feel the presence of some dragons in that direction."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1