Chapter 106: Corrupted Slime

Chapter 106: Corrupted Slime

"You said this is a jackpot how so?" Ryan asked. "I can't imagine us getting any information from those creatures. Even if we torture them, they look like they would enjoy the torture."

"The creatures outside the dungeon are just minions," Alissa said. "We will find their boss inside the dungeon, and the creature will probably be even more intelligent than humans and less vicious than demons."

Ryan wasn't so sure of that. When Alissa stopped flying above one of the few buildings that still was standing and then became a human again, a demon flew toward them as if they were the most delicious meal in the world. That was weird. Even in her human form, Alissa still had the presence of a dragon yet, the demon didn't care about that.

Ryan fired a Flame Arrow, and then it exploded on the creature's head. For a while, the headless demon began to fall, but after a few seconds, the head was back in its place. That was some crazy level of regenerative ability.

"Try to destroy its head and heart at the same time."

Although he was about to fire a rain of magic arrows on the demon, Ryan decided to follow Orgar's instructions. As expected, his next two attacks landed on those places, and this time, the demon died for good.

You obtained 50 coins.

"I can feel that the dungeon is in the center of Houston, but the place is crowded with monsters," Alissa said. "Those which sided with the demons won't let us advance in peace, and if we ignore them, we will get surrounded inside the dungeon."

"This is a pretty good hunt spot," Ryan said. "So, I guess it is my turn now."

"If we wait for you to defeat all of them alone, we will have to stay here for weeks. Alissa, you should just decimate them."

Ryan clicked his tongue. Truth be told, he wanted all the coins those demons would give to himself. Also, considering how troublesome they were, it was evident that Ryan would be able to level up his skills at a crazy pace.

"Come on, Orgar," Alissa said. "It would be a waste if I were to do that. I won't be able to level up a single skill, and I don't have any use for the coins. However, Ryan would be able to benefit a lot if he were to do this alone."

"She is completely right, Orgar," Ryan nodded with a smile on his face. "You should listen to Alissa more often."

"Besides, he would owe us another one if we let him do that," Alissa said. "No matter what you say, even you recognize his potential."

" Now that I think about it," Ryan said. "You should listen to Orgar more often. Go on. You can decimate the demons."

It was a pity, but Ryan would rather let that chance go than make his debt increase. Although that opportunity wouldn't be the same as saving his life, Ryan didn't want to feel indebted to anyone. If he let that happen, it will come a time where he will be forced to make a decision: do whatever he wants or let his conscience bother him. While working alone, few things could bother Ryan more than his conscience, after all.

"You really hate to owe things to others, huh," Alissa sighed. "Although I can do that, I won't. Fighting while using draconic powers isn't easy and takes a toll on my mind and body. While I can nullify that toll on my body by eating a lot of monsters, the same can't be said about my mind. Just like you saw yesterday, I need to sleep like a log to recharge my batteries. There is no way that I can sleep like that every night, not while there is a hungry male so close."

"Don't flatter yourself" Ryan sighed.

"Sorry, Orgar," Alissa said. "I have been improving. My body can't withstand all your power yet, so we will take to it slowly for a while."

"It can't be helped. In any case, fighting against this type of enemy will probably help you in that regard, so this will be an investment."

It was really weird that a dragon couldn't get angry at humans even in that situation. That being said, Ryan decided not to think too much about it since he had no idea if the monster could read his mind or not.

Despite the fact that Houston was pretty huge, the demons flew toward the building they were in the very moment they felt Alissa's presence. Thanks to the level ups of Meditation, Ryan was managing to hold them back, but Alissa was forced to join the fray in the end. Although Ryan was killing the flying demons, other troublesome creatures were attacking the building.

Corrupted Slime - Lv 20

Health: 500 /500

Mana: 800 /800

Stamina: 500/500

Strength: 150 (+20)

Dexterity: 250 (+80)

Speed: 100 (+30)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Corrupted Touch Lv 20

Passive Physical Skills: Regeneration Lv 80

Spells: Corrupted Ball Lv 50

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 80

"Corrupted Slime?" Ryan frowned. "Their name is like that because the demons corrupted them or something?"

"Maybe, well, we don't have to worry about it, right?" Alissa asked and then fired some Ice Arrows that froze the slimes instantly and made them crack. "Since we can defeat them before they can get close enough."

True, but Ryan wasn't worried about their safety. He was worried about what would happen if those creatures spread around the country and corrupt every single monster, or worse, what would happen if they corrupt every single human. Would they become demons? That kind of virus has a cure? Ryan was worried about that, but Alissa couldn't care less about it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1