Chapter 107: Wishes

Chapter 107: Wishes

Since that had been the first-time monsters didn't run away from her, Alissa was enjoying herself while obtaining the coins even though she had no use for them. She also obtained several items since they spent the entire day at the top of that building killing monsters. Again, she had no use for items, but she felt happy just by wearing them. As for Ryan's loot, he didn't have much luck.

"It looks like they are heading toward every direction without thinking too much about it," Ryan said while watching the creatures moving through the darkness of the night. "You can rest if you want. The slimes apparently will leave us alone during the night. They don't have the same senses as the demons, and they certainly don't have good eyesight."

"If you say so," Alissa said. "I guess I will grab a few things from the interior of this building."

With a single punch, Alissa broke the floor of the top of the building, and then she jumped inside the hole. Even though that building had been originally a hotel, it somehow survived the dragons' attack, only to be damaged after by a human. After a while, Alissa appeared carrying a bed.

"What am I doing with my life"

Who could have imagined that one day monsters would appear out nowhere? Still, not even in his wildest dreams, Ryan would have imagined that one day he would work with a woman who couldn't care less about the life and death of other humans and with a dragon, while other dragons were destroying every single thing created by humans.

Although Alissa held back on the use of her powers a little bit, as soon as she laid on the bed, she began to snore. Still, not even that made Ryan think seriously about certain things. What was going to see inside that dungeon that in the middle of Houston? He always thought that the night demon's blood that he drank was just another thing that referred to a random monster species, but it wasn't. After drinking that, he could have turned into a monster, just like them, if he had been unlucky. Ryan had been relying on luck too much even though he lost his dominating hand, and even though he survived after defeating the red dragon, thanks to Alissa.

"I need to develop that fighting style that way, I will save mana and only use it when it is absolutely necessary."

Ryan had plenty of crap items that he could use to train after that day's hunting, but he decided to use his bone arrows since he could create an unlimited supply of them. When the demons began to approach, as usual, he exploded their heads with Flame Arrows, but instead of using another to hit their heats, Ryan threw the bone arrows using only his left hand. Although his accuracy was amazing, the arrows weren't penetrating enough to hit the monster's hearts. After Ryan leveled up Appraisal a few more times, he understood why that was happening.

Corrupted Slime - Lv 20

Health: 500 /500

Mana: 800 /800

Stamina: 500/500

Strength: 350 (+200)

Dexterity: 350 (+80)

Speed: 300 (+30)

Intelligence: 50 (+10)

Endurance: 550 (+110)

Control: 120 (+50)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Ecstasy Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Regeneration Lv 150

Spells: Fly Lv 50

Support Skills: Night Vision Lv 80

"Can these freaks get even more annoying? Damn high endurance and this crazy level of regeneration. Still, to think that they are flying using magic as well no wonder they are so fast."

Even if he uses Lesser Wind Enchantment, Ryan wasn't sure the bone arrows would pierce the flesh and hit the hearts. Fortunately, just as he had expected, Throw was leveling up like crazy, and the power behind it was improving. If he puts the few points he had into strength, Ryan was confident that the problem would be solved, but he didn't. He wanted to focus solely on increasing his dexterity and recovery unless a tough situation forces him to change his mind.

Although spending another night without sleeping was rough, Ryan was more than satisfied with his progress. Aside from the Monk and Blacksmith class, the others leveled up more than once, and also his main skills improved considerably. When Alissa woke up, it was already morning again, she approached Ryan to apologize, but then she stopped when she saw the mountain of demon corpses in front of the building and the hundreds of bone arrows that were aimed at their hearts.

"Sorry for making you take all turns of the watch" Alissa said. "Anyway, did you torture them or something? I am pretty sure your arrows were supposed to pierce right through them."

"No problem, and I was just using them as test subjects," Ryan shrugged. "Regardless, I think we can approach the dungeon a little today since from a while, the number of demons coming to this direction decreased."

"I see" Alissa rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "Orgar, do you think I can eat those slimes? I am kind of hungry, but I don't want to eat the humanoid demons. Should I look for other monsters around this area?"

"You can eat them just fine; their corruption might transform or curse human beings, but your stomach is much more powerful now. You can resist it."

Ryan didn't think that was the real problem, but he didn't intend to join that weird conversation. Regardless, before leaving the building, Ryan decided to recover the bone arrows that sill could be used. Fortunately, most of them were completely fine, even though the demons fell from forty meters of height. Suddenly, all the bone arrows began to leave the demons' body, and then they were aligned in front of Ryan. He looked around only to see Alissa smiling pridefully another person who could use Telekinesis.

"I really want to learn that"

Class: Hunter Lv 20 / Elementalist Lv 18/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/--

Rank: 930th

Health: 67/75 (0, 4116)

Mana: 126/138 (0, 4116)

Stamina: 90/96 (0,4116)

Strength: 10 (+24) (+30)

Dexterity: 193 (+51) (+27)

Speed: 30 (+38) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+47) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+40)

Control: 06 (+37) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 96 (+103) (+48)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 45525

Status: 74

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 21, Throw Lv 15 (+ 08 UP), Herculean Strength Lv 10 (+ 04 UP)

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Concentration Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Archery Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Accuracy Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Art of Sniping Lv 18 (+ 04 UP), Passive Recovery Lv 08 (+ 03 UP)

Spells: Appraisal Lv 16 (+ 03 UP), Arms Lv 10 (+ 04 UP), Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 05 (+ 04 UP),

Support Skills: Sleep Resistance Lv 08 (+ 02 UP), Nocturnal Eyes Lv 08 (+ 02 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 04

Non-Combat: Blacksmith Lv 02,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1