Chapter 118: Baal

Chapter 118: Baal

Ryan and Alissa touched the purple crystal at the same time, and when they did, a powerful light enveloped them and forced them to close their eyes. The light soon disappeared, and they saw themselves in the middle of a forest, and they couldn't see a single demon nearby.

"I see now it looks like they have a lot more information than us."

"What do you mean?" Alissa asked.

"The crystal is behind us, but there is no one nearby. That means that the demons can control the flow of demons even from far away. Speaking of which, they already noticed our presence. Unless you want to be attacked by an army, you should prepare for battle or hide."

That was weird. Not only could the demons spawn endless on Earth, but they also could control the purple crystal. Why couldn't humans do the same? It was not like they had the leisure to invade other planets.

"What do you think, Ryan?" Alissa asked.

"You are the leader here, and this mission is to discover something you want," Ryan replied while looking around. "It is your call."

" Do you know what is the limit of their tracking skills, Orgar?" Alissa asked.

"They are using the crystal to find us, so if we get away from the crystal, it should be enough for the time being. They are a race of warriors, and their senses aren't that good, after all."

"All right, let's become invisible and see how they will proceed from a safe distance," Alissa said.

Ryan wondered how she planned to make him become invisible, but much to his surprised, Alissa touched his shoulder for a single instant, and then he saw his body becoming transparent alongside everything that was touching him. Without wasting any time, they began to run and left the forest. Finally, Ryan saw something that was more like a dense grove than a real forest. He wasn't in hell. In fact, he was in a pretty peaceful looking world. Ryan and Alissa saw a massive medieval-ish city at the north of their current position, but they didn't see any signs of smoke or destruction, but they did find a castle in the middle of the city. After a while, they saw a dark point coming from the city, those were the flying demons that had been sent to investigate the purple crystal, and their numbers were close to five hundred.

"They sent a small army of minions their power level is no different from the ones that are spawned on the dungeon."

"It looks like they aren't that worried that someone came to their world," Alissa said. "Is this even their world? I imagined that this place would be an entire warzone where demons would fight each other to death every single moment."

"In any case, this at least confirms that Bolvath didn't return to this world upon death. Otherwise, a proper and stronger army would have been sent to fight us."

Ryan was also thinking among those lines. It didn't make sense that the demons would have such a place as their real-world maybe it was just a base they conquered after exterminating the previous inhabitants. Still, that made Ryan think that the demons were fighting in a much larger scale war. After all, any decent commander would feel threatened if enemies suddenly appear on their base. It was insane, but it looked like the demons might try to invade several other planets, and Earth wasn't that important to them.

"What we should do now, Orgar?" Alissa said. "We need to find their leader, but it is wise just invade without any proper plan?"

"You have my power, so you don't have to be that cautious. That being said, even you might find some problems if you don't defeat the leader of the demons in that castle fast enough and ask what we want. A single one and might not be able to kill you, but thousands of them can certainly stop you for a while and give them time to their leader prepare a big attack or run away."

"I guess we need to decrease their fighting force, huh," Alissa said. "Good, I feel like I am getting the hang of your power, and little by little, the tiredness is decreasing as well."

Ryan didn't have to receive any order, even from far away, and despite the fact that they were in the grove, he could see the demons around the purple crystal. So, he bombarded them with his Flame Arrows. Thanks to his Active Spiritual Recovery, Ryan could recover more mana than he used by killing a single demon. Thanks to it, he didn't hold back. Alissa did the same. Alissa did the same, but instead of using magic, she crushed the demons with her big sword.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 900 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 895th

You obtained 10.000 coins.

While Ryan was thankful for the reward, it was a pity that the things he could obtain were always random. Still, instead of worried about that, he was impressed by his own growth. He got lucky that the classes he obtained had certain useful skills, but that doesn't change the fact that he just killed almost two hundred demons in a couple of minutes. Much to his surprise, while Ryan was looking for the loot, Alissa grabbed a demon by the neck. Apparently, she managed to leave one alive in order to question the beast.

"Where can I find your leader?" Alissa asked.

Although Alissa was suffocating the monster, she didn't alleviate the grip on the beast's neck. She didn't need to hear one, she just had to make the monster think about something, and she would be able to clearly read the thought.

"Baal is in the castle," Alissa clicked her tongue. "This might be a bit difficult."

Ryan had no idea what she was referring to, but he could imagine even without a proper explanation. More important than that, he was a bit worried by the name he heard Baal. It was the name of a demon that he saw in some games, and that was just too weird to be a coincidence.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1