Chapter 111: Bolvath, The Demon.

Chapter 111: Bolvath, the demon.

Although Ryan spent his status usual in dexterity and recovery, this time, he also put some into mana in order to increase the time his transformation could last. Aside from that, Ryan bought a tome that cost him forty thousand coins. Although he could buy several cheaper tomes in order to obtain a few status points, Ryan decided to buy something that would be useful for the next battle.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bleed.

Effect: It makes your foes bleed for five seconds by every wounded caused by you. The damage per second will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

The effects weren't incredible at level one, but Ryan could see the potential of the skill. After that, he bought ten rings that increased his recovery even further. Ryan used all his coins, but once again, he felt satisfied with the investment.

Silver Ring of the Immortal

Effect: Increases the user's recovery by ten points.

Durability: 25/25

"You sure like to wear a lot of rings," Alissa frowned. "And here I thought you were a boring guy that only wears simple clothes without putting too much into it, but with those rings, you look like someone with a weird fashion sense."

"No, I am definitely a boring guy that uses whatever without caring about fashion and that kind of nonsense," Ryan said.

Maybe it was because of that that Mia cheated on him she was pretty but also fashionable. In any case, recalling that only made a vein pop out on Ryan's forehead. In any case, he could only hope that his anger would strengthen the power of his attacks. In any case, before entering the dungeon, Ryan took several things from his backpack and put them near the entrance of the dungeon. Those things were his old rings and the pieces of iron he got here and there. After that, he killed just enough demons to buy ten mana potions and ten stamina potions.

"Not that I don't trust you," Alissa said. "but I don't intend to let you fight alone this time. Orgar's goal is important to me, and you still owe me one, so I can't let you die yet."

"Yet?" Ryan frowned. "Well, I understand. Just do whatever you want. You are the leader here."

"Am I?" Alissa asked. "Is that right, Orgar?"

"I would like to say no, but since my spirit is inside of you and you can only control the body, I can't exactly disagree."

"I see" Alissa smirked. "In that case follow my lead, maggots! Today we will feast on their blood and entrails! I always wanted to say that."

Ryan decided to stay quiet since nothing that he says would make him feel less uncomfortable. Despite her words, Alissa didn't want to attack first and ask later unless the boss proves to be troublesome and uncooperative. After that, they began to walk toward the end of the dungeon. When some demons appeared, Ryan readied himself to fight, but Alissa stopped him.

"Leave this to me," Alissa said. "We need to make some preparations in order to make the boss listen to us."

Although he wasn't quite sure what Alissa meant by that, he began to understand when she transformed her right hand into a dragon hand and then grabbed the demon. After that, she just began to walk while carrying the demon as if nothing had happened. The same thing happened several times until, by the moment they reached the last part of the dungeon, Alissa had ten demons under her absolute mercy.

When Ryan finally reached the dungeon's last section, he saw the usual purple crystal and treasure box. However, this time the boss was very different from all the others. He was sitting on a throne of bones as if he was trying to show that he was the king of something. Ryan decided to refer to the creature as he since the monster looked more masculine than he actually was. The beast was tall, and its muscles were amazing. Unlike the other creatures, the skin of that one didn't look as if it had been flayed. The horns of that one were longer, and Ryan was pretty sure he used it as weapons, and the wings on his back were completely dark, but there were no holes. On his right hand, Ryan could see a trident it looked pretty fearsome since it was red and black.

Bolvath - Lv 60

Health: 25.000 /25.000

Mana: 20.000 /20.000

Stamina: 15.000/15.000

Strength: 1250 (+150)

Dexterity: 1500 (+400)

Speed: 1400 (+230)

Intelligence: 500 (+160)

Endurance: 1100 (+150)

Control: 800 (+150)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Corrupting Touch Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Regeneration Lv 200

Spells: Summon Skeleton Lv 100

Support Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 100

In the end, Ryan's instincts were right. He had been nervous for a very good reason. The enemy this time was very different from the others. Although it wasn't at the level of a dragon, he could see by watching the eyes of the creature that he wouldn't be underestimated, and a few tricks wouldn't help him. In any case, Ryan couldn't attack first since they had come to talk before anything, so he was forced to walk to the last part of the dungeon alongside Alissa.

"I didn't expect to receive visitors so soon" Bolvath said while ignoring Ryan and looking solely at Alissa. "Still, I can understand why my predictions were off the mark. It is a pity; we were so close."

Those were some weird words was the demon trying to buy time? Why would he say those words? He was expecting for something to happen inside the dungeon? After thinking for a while, Ryan concluded. The bosses didn't exist inside the dungeons for no good reason. Their existence had a meaning almost one month had passed since the dungeons appeared and Ryan couldn't believe that some bosses would stay there for a month without reason. There was only one explanation their existences were bound to cause dungeon breaks.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1