Chapter 112: Dungeon Breaks

Chapter 112: Dungeon Breaks

"Hey, asshole," Ryan said. "What were you waiting for here? A dungeon break is going to happen, isn't it?"

"Don't talk to me, worm," Bolvath said. "If you were alone here, I would be feasting on your entrails right now. Be thankful that you are not alone."

"Sorry, Alissa," Ryan pulled his bow and then began to charge one Power Shot. "I am going to start the interrogation myself."

After a few seconds, just when his mana and stamina became empty, Ryan fired his bone arrow. At that exact same time, Bolvath summoned several skeletons in front of him. The monsters got destroyed one after another with ease, but in the end, the arrow lost a lot of power after hitting so many targets, and Bolvath stopped the bone arrow with his right hand. However, he paid the price for underestimating Ryan. The arrow stopped before it reached his face, but it passed through his right hand.

"Interesting even worms can cause this much damage if they are given a chance," Bolvath said. "But as you can see, you can only do this much."

Ryan picked several other potions, but then Alissa stopped him. She let him do what he wanted once, but that was enough. Even if it was temporary, they were a team, and they couldn't just do whatever they want without considering the others.

"Answer his question," Alissa said.

"I thought you weren't interested in other humans," Bolvath frowned. "Well if you need to know, I will answer it. It won't change anything on the grand scale, after all. Your little friend is right. Dungeon breaks will happen all over the world when the dungeons that have been cleared yet complete one month of existence."

Ryan was left speechless after hearing that. He couldn't even begin to imagine what else would be left of the earth if the vast majority of the world dungeons break at the same time. Dozens of demons like Bolvath, T-rexes, would roam free on Earth for who knows how long. Although a good number of humans cleared dungeons, Ryan was certain that most of them were working together. So, things weren't looking good.

"Why do you look so surprised?" Alissa asked. "If you are that worried about humans, you shouldn't always try to work alone."

"This and that are different things," Ryan said. "You are right. I plan to work alone until the day of death, but that doesn't change the fact that I am fighting on the human side. Those dungeon breaks will deal a massive force to our forces."

"You are right, but so what?" Alissa frowned. "What can you do to prevent that? Absolutely nothing. So, I don't understand why you look so troubled."

That was an understatement, but all in all, Alissa was right. In two or three days, the dungeons will break. Even if Ryan plans to clear some dungeons or alert other survivors, he won't be able to change the overall severity of the situation. Besides, even if he wanted, he couldn't. Ryan owed Alissa, and he didn't plan to go back on his word. It was just the situation got so much complicated that Ryan couldn't help but panic for a second.

"Well, back to the topic," Alissa said. "We are here because we want to ask you a few things. Answer the questions honestly, because if you lie, I will know, and I will do this."

Without a hint of hesitation, Alissa closed her hand and smashed the demons until they become a pulp of things that couldn't be recognized or described. Now was the time to say that Ryan was troubled since his temporary partner was basically acting like a maniacal homicide.

"What was the point of that?" Bolvath asked. "You are going to do that anyway in the end since I don't have the answers you are looking for. It is unfortunate, but the current me can't do a thing against even in your weakened state."

The current me that proved that monsters were getting stronger by the day. That was bad and the situation wouldn't improve. Now, more than ever, Ryan had to hunt the monsters like there is no tomorrow.

"Still, before dying I need to warn you of something," Bolvath said. "You are trying to mess with forces that you can't understand. I don't respect your attitude, but I respect your power. To understand what I am mean by this, come tomorrow twenty-four hours after killing me, and you will see the meaning of my words."

If the demon was begging for his life, that certainly didn't look like the case, or he lacked in persuasive power. Ryan looked at Alissa, trying to hear some explanation, but she just shrugged. As for Orgar, he just stayed silent the whole time.

"Thank you for your cooperation," Alissa said. "As a sign of my gratitude, I will kill you without, and you won't even feel a thing."

Although Alissa said he would die without feeling any pain, she didn't say anything about fear or anxiety. She slowly created a fireball in front of her right hand, and the fireball grew until it was five meters wide, and the flames were so strong that Ryan was forced to move backward several meters. When Alissa fired, the projectile hit the demon and didn't leave anything behind that was the power of Orgar in a weakened state. It couldn't even be compared to that red dragon.

You obtained 200 coins.

"Well, now what should we do?" Alissa asked.

"As much as I am interested in seeing the other side of the crystal, I think we should see what that demon was talking about. Let's wait twenty-four hours, and after that, we will decide our next move."

"Is that fine with you, Ryan?" Alissa asked.

"Yeah," Ryan nodded.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1