Chapter 119: Lord Of Corruption

Chapter 119: Lord of Corruption

After thinking for a while, Ryan decided that whatever appears in front of him it wouldn't surprise him anymore. Dragons were supposed only to exist in humans' imagination, and now they were roaming on the Earth, so why get surprised that some demons also had the names of the ones he saw in games.

"Based on the things I discovered by reading the mind of that demon, our opponent this time might prove to be a bit difficult," Alissa said. "His name is Baal, a demon and lord of corruption. His body is covered with his own blood-like armor, and apparently, whatever or whoever he touches or touches him becomes corrupt. If it is an inanimate object, it will become a mindless monster that only wants the blood of all living things. If it is another living being, it will become a demon just like the ones we have been fighting so far."

"It is a problem that you can't touch him, but you have plenty of other ways to attack."

While that was true, that wasn't the real problem. The problem was that they couldn't let themselves be touched a single time since the power of the demon's corruption is unrivaled. Maybe even a dragon wouldn't be able to resist for more than a few seconds. As for Ryan, a single touch might transform him into a demon.

"Apparently, he is the only leader here," Alissa said. "However, he isn't the supreme leader of the demons' army. There are four other generals like him and one leader."

"What are their names?" Ryan asked.

"I don't know. It isn't important, right?" Alissa said. "He is at that castle, and the generals act independently, and they aren't in this world, so we don't have to worry about him asking for help or others coming to help him. That being said, that will only be true for a while. If they notice that something is weird, all of them might come to attack us."

Ryan couldn't even complain since he couldn't obtain information as fast as her. In any case, he wanted to learn the other generals and leaders' names to prepare himself mentally. In any case, even if the demon was as terrifying as it was in the game or in the legends the creature was mentioned, as long as it was made of flesh and bones, it wasn't supposed to be impossible to kill probably. Still, Ryan couldn't help but think that perhaps this time, he was going to pick a fight with someone way out of his league. Even though he already declared openly that he would face Orgar if he has to.

"I am not too sure, but it also looks like that Baal is invading five other planets," Alissa said. "So, his focus is divided. We can do this."

Ryan sighed. He wished that things were that simple. If a demon was trying to invade five worlds using five dungeons, that means that he had the confidence to do so. Considering how many demons he could control at once, maybe he already invaded and countered a planet once or twice. Ryan would need all the help he can get, but unfortunately, those five hundred demons only dropped crappy items.

"Anyway, even though this planet isn't as bad as thought, I don't want to risk facing the five generals and the supreme leader of the demons," Alissa said. "So, I think it would be in our best interest to deal with this Ball guy as fast as possible and then leave."

"It is Baal. Still, you have a point. However, how do you plan with him and his army of demons?"

"It is simple," Alissa replied. "I will face the Ball person, and Ryan will take out his minions. He has the skills to keep fighting against an army for an undetermined amount of time now. Are you okay with that, Ryan?"

"No problem," Ryan said, imagining how things would turn out.

While two Flame Arrows were enough to kill ordinary demons, and Ryan could recover his mana by killing them, things weren't that simple. If he makes a mistake, he will end up using more mana than he could recover. So, his capacity to fight non-stop was depending on his aim of always hit the targets. While he barely missed a shot since the monsters appeared, things might change in a war of attrition. After all, the longer someone stays focused, the easier it is to that focus wane. Still, that would be a chance like no other. While fighting the demons in just a few minutes, he received almost twenty thousand coins. Who knows how much he will earn by fighting the entire army under that demon's control?

"It is decided then," Alissa said. "Still, we have to see the city and look for the best place to attack the castle. If that demon is the type to summon the demons from another dimension with magic, then we will have to start the fight inside the castle. If that isn't the case, we have to find a good place for Ryan to have a complete battlefield vision. I am kind of bad at keeping looking on my surroundings, so I might mess up if some demon attacks my blind spots."

Although Ryan was used to be the main attacker and always have the spotlight for himself, he didn't feel bothered by his new role. Since the very moment he decided to help those two, it was clear that he would have a support role outside and during the battles. Besides, that was a good chance for him to see the full power of a dragon like Orgar. After all, Ryan truly believed that all dragons were his enemies, and he was determined to hunt them all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1