Chapter 115: Dungeon Boss Blessing

Chapter 115: Dungeon Boss Blessing

Although Ryan had some coins to spend, he decided to look for a monster to summon instead of using the coins already when morning came. Maybe that change of pace would refresh his head and give him some insight into what he should do hopefully.

"You know" Alissa sighed. "If we help you, that kind of thing can be done easily."

"Who will guard the dungeon, then?" Ryan asked.

"Is there a need to guard the dungeon?" Alissa frowned. "There is no one here aside from us, so you don't need to worry about the demons killing your innocent civilians."

"I wasn't thinking about that," Ryan said. "It is just that I would feel more relieved knowing that there aren't many demons on this side corrupting monsters. Soon, the number of monsters on Earth will spike, and things will become even more troublesome if those crazy numbers become even more powerful due to the corruption."

It was clear that the demons could strengthen the monsters by corrupting them. Maybe, if they corrupt a megalodon, even a dragon wouldn't be able to hunt them, but as far as Ryan was concerned, it would be great if those beasts could just kill each other until they become extinct again.

"Well, I can't exactly give you any orders, and now that I think about it, it will be faster if you give me a lift," Ryan said. "So, do as you see fit."

Alissa didn't have to hear it twice. She transformed into a dragon, and then she used Telekinesis to make Ryan hop in. that had been a bit annoying, but Ryan knew that he had to endure it for the time being. Besides, so far, he received more in comparison to all the problems he had to deal with Alissa's presence.

"So, what monster are you looking for?" Alissa asked.

"A T-rex would be perfect, but it would be a pain to get so close to Shreveport again and find those guys," Ryan replied. "You look unexpectedly excited for this. Dragons can't use Tame?"

"We don't need such low-level magic that has so many restrictions. We don't need minions either, but if some of us want, we can turn most monsters into our slaves without much difficulty."

"You sure sound proud while saying that," Ryan said.

Ryan's goal was to leave his tamed beast behind slaying demons, and since he didn't know if they could grow stronger just like him, he had decided that his first tamed beast had to be something at least at the same level as a T-rex. The problem was, Ryan didn't find such a monster yet.

"Well, even I didn't find many monsters with that level of power," Alissa said. "If we had time, we could keep searching, but we don't have. I guess you will have to contend yourself with an Elder Salamander."

"I suppose so," Ryan said.

The salamander's dungeon was still the same as ever, and there wasn't a sign of humans getting close to the area. Without wasting too much time, Ryan bought some mana potions and then headed toward the last part of the dungeon. In the end, Ryan didn't even use the potions, not as he had planned to. The potions were to keep using Tame if the skill fails more than a few times. Ryan shot four bone arrows at the limbs of the monster and immobilized it. After that, he fired several Earth Bullets until the beast collapsed after getting hit so many times in the head. The monster had less than ten percent of its health, so Ryan decided to use Tame.

A light blue aura coming from Ryan's hands moved toward the monster and enveloped the beast. However, the salamander trembled at the last minute, and the aura dissipated.

"Not unconscious enough, huh," Ryan said and then hit the monster's head with the hilt of his flame sword.

Although the monster's health dropped to five percent, Ryan still had to try more than a few times. However, eventually, perhaps because Tame leveled up quite a bit, the skill worked.

Congratulations! You tamed the Elder Salamander!

The Elder Salamander lost his blessing as a dungeon boss.

Elder Salamander

Health: 35/800

Mana: 1.600/1.600

Stamina: 1.400/1.400

Strength: 150

Dexterity: 250

Speed: 150

Intelligence: 450

Endurance: 100

Control: 400

Mentality: 350

Luck: 20

Recovery: 400

Willpower: 150

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Roar Lv 10

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 15

Spells: Flamethrower Lv 15

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 30

"What the heck is this" Ryan frowned. "Dungeon boss blessing?"

Something very weird was going on, but then Ryan recalled the demons' words the previous day. It made sense that the elder salamander would lose something by abandoning its role as a dungeon boss, but Ryan didn't expect it would become so much weaker. Its health, mana, and stamina decreased until it becomes twenty percent of its original point. The fact that the monster only had four skills despite having so many points allocated was also weird.

"Well, look on the bright side," Alissa said. "The value of status is 00, so your pet can learn new skills and allocate those points in whatever you want."

" You can read my mind?" Ryan asked.

"Nope, you are just that easy to read," Alissa smiled.

Ryan didn't believe in that. Several times, Alissa acted as if she could read Ryan's mind. At first, he thought that he was just a simple guy, but even so, for a girl who spent years on a hospital bed, Alissa was too good at reading people. Strangely good.

"Although you don't have many curves, your body is quite attractive."

Ryan thought that just to confirm his suspicions. As expected, Alissa's smile broke a little, and she looked to the side, a little embarrassed she really could read his mind. That was beyond annoying. It was disgusting Still, Ryan didn't say anything. He just turned around to mind his own problems. Now, more than ever, he was decided to pay his debt and get away from this pair of powerful and equally annoying beasts.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1