Chapter 117: Putting Pride Aside

Chapter 117: Putting pride aside

Although that whole situation with Alissa messed up with his rhythm, Ryan still didn't forget to think about what he learned when he tamed the salamander, so he considered a few possibilities. It looked a bit unrealistic, but it was highly probable that bosses had a certain level of immortality. Although he defeated the elder salamander a few days ago, the next boss had the exact same strength. If he were living a game, Ryan would think that would make sense, but he wasn't. So that was the only explanation.

"Monsters can grow stronger the more mana Earth absorbs that would explain why we still can defeat certain monsters despite the fact that they probably had decades to grow stronger, and we humans only had a single month. I can understand why the elder salamander was supposed to be one of the strongest monsters in its own world, but I can't imagine Bolvath being the strongest in the world of the demons."

Ryan had too little information, so he could only presume that kind of thing, and since Orgar and Alissa were looking for another type of information, they weren't interested in that. As far as they were concerned, dragons seemed above the system.

"I guess I will put my pride aside for a little bit"

The elder salamander was quite smart, so the monster could learn skills relatively fast and even things that weren't skills. Thanks to that, Ryan found a way to kill Bolvath alone. That bothered him a little, but since he had decided to put his pride aside, in the end, Ryan decided to do it.

When the time came, Ryan entered the dungeon without waiting for Alissa and Orgar. Still, they followed him alongside the elder salamander. Despite the fact that he didn't have a watch, Ryan knew exactly the time the boss would spawn. Exactly one minute before that could happen, Ryan began to prepare his attack. That would be his most powerful shot, and he was quite looking forward to it. When Power Shot and Incomplete Reptilian Transformation emptied his mana, the elder salamander tossed several potions using its tongue toward Ryan, the potions broke, and the liquid restores his energy. At the same time, the durability of his bow began to decrease. Still, Ryan continued to charge the attack because he knew that his bow would endure until the last second.

Exactly one minute after he began to charge the attack, Bolvath appeared in front of the crystal, and then he frowned when he saw Ryan pointing his bow at his head. Meanwhile, Ryan smirked from ear to ear.

"Hello again, mother fucker," Ryan said.

Ryan fired the arrow, and Bolvath summoned his skeletons to block the attack. However, all the skeletons became dust after getting hit by that arrow. Even faster than he could blink, the bone arrow hit the demon's head, and the impact caused an explosion that destroyed the whole body into several pieces.

You obtained 10.000 coins.

"Pretty good for a worm, right?" Ryan asked and then smashed one of the flesh pieces that once had been a part of the Bolvath body. "Cockroach-looking bastard."

Alissa couldn't help but look away while Ryan was enjoying himself. He never looked like he had any fun while fighting, but now it looked like he had a lot of fun, but that was only because he was angry, and it was due to her actions. Ryan wasn't the type to shout and scream when he was angry and frustrated. His own way to cope with that was to make his enemies suffer. Even though Alissa wasn't much better, she didn't like to see Ryan like that.

"It looks like the dungeon masters have some privileges. The capacity to revive in their dungeon is one of them. Still, he wasn't supposed to be the strongest of his species. So, that means"

"The demons are invading other planets as well," Alissa said. "They only send Bolvath to look after this dungeon because they thought he would be enough they were almost right."

The existence of someone like Alissa wasn't on anyone's plans, but Ryan was also an anomaly. Given time, he would be able to take even dragons since his growth seems superior to them, and he always chooses the best method to fight his enemies without letting anyone or anything hold him back.

"Be prepared because the chances of you fighting several enemies of the level of that demon at the same time is pretty high."

"Well, we will see that once we arrive on their planet," Alissa said. "The problem is: against that type of opponent, only the big shots might have the answers we are looking for, and considering their attitude, the demons are probably divided hierarchy with their power as a basis."

"Indeed, but worry not. I can still offer you some assistance even in a spiritual form, and if something happens, I have a contingency plan."

While Alissa and Orgar were talking, Ryan grabbed the spoils of that battle. He was quite interested in the trident Orgar had on his hands since the skeletons only appeared when he swung it. Still, the trident always disappeared when he died. Fortunately, Ryan had been nicely rewarded.

Spiked Steel Shield

Effect: Reflects one percent of the damage back to the enemy. Health + 30, Endurance + 20

Durability: 100/100

"It is not what I wanted, but I guess this will do," Ryan equipped the shield on his left arm. "Even after all this fighting, my defensive attributes are incredibly low, after all."

Alissa approached, and then she looked at the crystal. It was time to investigate the world on the other side. Still, before going, Ryan gave some orders to his salamander. Like not to leave the dungeon and kill all demons. At the same time, the salamander was supposed to meditate between battles in order to recover its mana. It would be nice if the monster could fulfill that job, but Ryan wouldn't be much of it since he didn't have time to properly train the monster.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1