Chapter 113: Class: Beastmaster

Chapter 113: Class: Beastmaster

Ryan couldn't have asked for more since he will be able to slay demons for twenty-four hours straight and increase his power even more. That being said, he was feeling quite conflicted about the treasure chest. He wounded the demon, but was that enough to make him deserve a new class? He honestly didn't believe that was the case. Still, considering that the dungeon breaks will happen in a few days, he would need all the strength he can get.

"You can go first," Ryan said. "You did most of the job by yourself, after all."

"All right then," Alissa nodded.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Barbarian, Beastmaster, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Now we are talking," Ryan smiled. "I didn't do much to deserve a new class, but my feeling was right the classes here are better than the usual."

As usual, Ryan was interested in the melee class. Besides, it would be weird to be a Barbarian with a single arm. Alchemist also seemed interesting; Ryan had a feeling that he would obtain some interesting skills even better than the ones he gained when he became a Blacksmith. Perhaps he would be able to create potions and save some coins. While that was nice and all, Ryan knew from the very moment he saw the name Beastmaster that he would choose that class. Not only seemed interesting, but in a way, it was what Ryan needed as a long-ranged fighter, something that would tank the monsters for him and would be one hundred percent loyal thanks to magic. That was the only type of loyalty Ryan could trust right now.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Beastmaster!

You obtained the following skills: Tame, Call, and Master's Support.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tame.

Effect: It gives you the chance to tame a monster or an animal. The more wounded the creature, the higher are the chances of the Tame skill to work. If the creature is too strong and the skill level is low, the skill won't work.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Call.

Effect: It doesn't matter where your tamed beast is. Whenever you use this skill, the monster will hear your call and head toward you.

Extra Effect: for every five levels you have in this skill, you will be able to tame another beast.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Master's Support.

Effect: Whenever you are around, your tamed beasts recover their energy faster. The rate of recovery is equal to the level of this skill per minute.

You obtained 01 status point.

The skills were so interesting that Ryan even frowned a little. The effects of Tame made him recall Pokmon. As for the other skills, they were essentially support skills for the beasts that he might tame in the future.

"Let me guess," Alissa said. "You picked the Beastmaster class."

"I guess my way of thinking isn't that complex," Ryan said.

"You are right," Alissa shrugged. "But you also look the type who like animals."

That wasn't true. Ryan never had a pet in his entire life, not because he didn't like animals, but because he always thought they should be as free as they could since, in a sense, humans can also create their own jails due to their intelligence.

"I am not someone that needy," Ryan said. "I just thought that I could only do so much by myself, and having a few monsters here and there to help will come in handy to clean this world from those invaders."

"Well, I choose the Alchemist class since I already have a wild beast inside of me," Alissa said.

You might want to rephrase that; it was what Ryan thought but decided not to say it out loud. In any case, Ryan began to slay demons since they began to spawn as usual. Taming them was out of the question since they were vicious, and most people wouldn't recognize them as an ally even if they save their lives.

Unfortunately, the options weren't that diverse in that area, so Ryan would have to look for monsters to tame outside Houston. However, that would have to wait since Ryan would be responsible for slaying the demons that will come out from the dungeon.

"If you don't mind, I would like to test the skills of the alchemist class," Alissa said. "You can stay and fight demons alone."

"That was my plan, to begin with" Ryan said. "Are you planning to go somewhere? Besides, didn't you already have those skills?"

"Yeah, but only now I discovered what they could do," Alissa replied. "There is a number of skills I didn't test, after all."

Ryan thought Alchemists could only create potions or things like that, but it looked like things weren't so simple. That became obvious since Alissa turned into a dragon and left the area to do something. Now that he had the dungeon for himself, Ryan would have the chance to improve his new fighting style. When the first demon left the dungeon, the beast was welcomed with the Flame sword on its head. The weapon not only destroyed it, but it also prevented that crazy regeneration for five seconds. After those five seconds, the flames died out because apparently, it wasn't in Ryan's possession anymore.

"All right, as expected, the attack power is more than satisfactory even without buffs," Ryan nodded to himself. "Now I just need another weapon with a different effect, and then I will be able to slay these demons without spending a single point of mana."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1