Chapter 122: Earth Manipulation

Chapter 122: Earth Manipulation

That had been one tiring battle, even though it didn't last that long and despite the fact that Ryan didn't suffer a single wound thanks to Baal's attacks. Regardless, he put Alissa on his shoulders and then moved toward the dungeon's entrance since demons were still spawning.

"We still need to understand how this purple crystal works" Ryan sighed. "Are they automatic, or despite being powerful, Baal is stupid enough to send demons knowing that I can easily kill them?"

Ryan couldn't believe that was the case. Even though it looked like a waste of time, Baal was doing that with some plan in mind. Although he wanted to find some answers to the other world, Ryan only returned with even more questions. Fortunately, not everything was bad news. Ryan found his salamander still guarding the entrance of the dungeon, and he received several notifications.

You obtained 4.500 coins.

Surprisingly enough, Ryan's taming skills leveled up while he was away, and he already could tame another beast. That was quite interesting given that they spent just a couple of hours on the other world, and the elder salamander had some status points to be allocated.

"I knew things would be interesting, but not this much," Ryan said and then laid Alissa's back against the wall of the dungeon. "I guess it was only natural given that the salamander fought demons. You did good, buddy."

It was a pity that Ryan didn't have the time to get the loot the demons he killed dropped, but fortunately, he obtained more than a few coins and status points. Now he just had to rest a little while Alissa sleeps.

Class: Hunter Lv 23 / Elementalist Lv 25/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/--

Rank: 875th

Health: 75/130 (0, 7550)

Mana: 150 /214 (0, 7550)

Stamina: 96/126 (0,7550)

Strength: 10 (+32) (+30)

Dexterity: 300 (+73) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+45) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+75) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+61)

Control: 06 (+57) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 150 (+203) (+100)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 99.950

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 24 (+ 2 UP), Concentration Lv 24 (+ 2 UP), Archery Lv 24 (+ 2 UP), Accuracy Lv 24 (+ 2 UP), Precision Lv 24 (+ 2 UP), Art of Sniping Lv 23 (+ 1 UP), Shield Mastery Lv 07 (+ 5 UP), Magnet Lv 10 (+ 2 UP), Passive Recovery Lv 16 (+ 2 UP), Bleed Lv 13 (+ 3 UP),

Spells: Mana Transfusion Lv 24 (+ 6 UP), Flame Arrow Lv 29 (+ 15 UP), Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 16 (+ 2 UP), Tame Lv 09 (+ 4 UP), Call Lv 05 (+ 4 UP),

Support Skills: Heat Resistance Lv 08 (+ 4 UP), Master's Support Lv 05 (+ 4 UP)

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 14, Beastmaster Lv 06,

Non-Combat: Blacksmith Lv 04,

"Not bad, not bad at all for a few hours of fighting," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction."

Despite the progress, Ryan was too tired to do anything. Still, he trained his salamander for a while, trying to muster any will to leave the dungeon and let his salamander work. He also needed to relax a little in order to cool his head, Ryan had some coins to spend, and he needed to spend them wisely. In the end, Ryan didn't even need to use his head a lot to decided what to do with those coins. He had forgotten about it, but he could buy an Earth Manipulation Tome for 100.000 coins, and so he did it.

"This looks quite promising" Ryan said after he slowly made an arrow made of Earth and then made it fly around him. "I wonder if I can learn other spells this way."

Although Ryan created an Earth Arrow just like the slimes used, he didn't receive any notification. He was missing something it was probably the speed the monsters could create the projectiles and fire them. Still, it would take a while for Ryan to learn any spell by using Earth Manipulation if that was the case. Although he could control a pretty large chunk of earth, he was nowhere as fast as a slime could create a magic projectile.

"Well, I just need to keep training," Ryan said. "Besides, this type of skill will come in handy when I decide to attack the legs of a foe."

It was quite fun to use that kind of magic to pass the time. It was so much that Ryan recovered some of his energy and understood that he needed to obtain another tamed beast and make those skills level up even faster. Unfortunately, he couldn't leave the unconscious Alissa behind.

"Hey, Orgar," Ryan said. "You are awake, aren't you? Move Alissa's body because it is time to go."

It would be a pain to leave the salamander behind to keep slaying the demons since the beast could only return the coins to Ryan when they get close enough. Still, he couldn't just stay in that area forever. The loot that the salamander would obtain was another problem. Unfortunately, if Ryan wanted all of those, he would have to come back occasionally. After all, there are some dragons in the area, and they might attack the salamander, so his pet couldn't leave the place.

"No response, huh?" Ryan frowned. "Is he ignoring me, or is he just tired as well?"

Ryan sighed, but in the end, he decided to use that rare chance to rest as much as possible since he had no idea what would happen next. Hopefully, Alissa and Orgar won't try to pick a fight with another enemy way out of their league. Still, hope for that was anything but realistic.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1