Chapter 124: Survivors

Chapter 124: Survivors

It didn't take long for Ryan to see that some survivors were guarding the walls that were protecting some parts of Las Vegas. It became clear since Ryan saw some monsters scratching the walls, and eventually, they would fall dead. At the same time, the people on the walls also noticed his approach since his Flame Arrows were leaving a trail of corpses behind.

"I guess it is time to increase my luck again. As of late, I am only getting crappy items, and tomes are scarce considering the number of monsters I killed."

As one would expect, a good part of Las Vegas had been destroyed by dragons. The massive buildings had become piles of rubble that also now served as a defensive barrier like the walls. Although some small buildings had been left alone by them, the other monsters attacked and destroyed those.

At first, the survivors pointed their long-ranged weapons at Ryan since they thought that he was just a monster disguised as a human. After all, they didn't see many survivors casually slaying monsters while walking. They just saw them while running for their lives. In any case, Ryan couldn't help but sigh when he saw a man wearing military clothes above the wall. Those types would make him lose a lot of time.

"Halt!" The military-looking man shouted. "Who are you, and what you want?"

Ryan looked at the man and confirmed that he had a pair of pistols on his legs and several grenades. His hair had been cut pretty short, and he also had a well-built body and an air of authority. There was no mistaking that he was a high-ranked officer in the army.

"My name is Ryan," Ryan replied while raising both of his arms. "I am here because I noticed that you had built a decent survivors' camp and imagined you would have access to a dungeon inside the city. I just came to learn what kind of monster that dungeon spawns."

There was a weird motive, Ryan was fully aware of it, but it was better to be sincere than say some lies and those lies being exposed later. Regardless, the military man studied Ryan for a while since she only had a single hand, but he also had a bow on his back. At first, he couldn't imagine the harm of revealing that kind of information, but he decided to be more careful.

"I also came here to trade the few items that I have and some information that I obtained for some coins," Ryan said. "Those are my only goals. Please tell me what does the dungeon spawn and show some proof of it."

"What do you plan to do with that kind of information?" The military man asked.

"Currently, I am investigating why dragons appeared out of nowhere while monsters came through dungeons," Ryan replied. "I already went to another world and confirmed that there are certain monsters that have a great level of intelligence. That is why I am looking for other dungeons like that one."

"You used the purple crystal to go to another world?" The man frowned and smiled a little. "Alone and with that arm?"

It was annoying to be looked down, so Ryan activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation. The man showed a shocked expression but then relaxed when Ryan made the arm disappear.

"The information that I have will grant you the knowledge and access to some classes easy to obtain," Ryan said. "I mean no harm, and I also have come to warn you about something."

"What is it?" The man asked.

"Tomorrow, it will complete a month that monsters appeared, right?" Ryan asked. "Then, tomorrow at 06 AM, all the dungeons in the world that have been cleared yet will break, and swarms of monsters will invade Earth."

The man didn't look shocked by the news. Instead, he was just studying Ryan. With the world in that situation, few people would be able to imagine problems like that and even give a proper reason as to why they would happen. Most of them would probably be lunatics, but Ryan didn't look like one.

"You can enter the city and talk to our leader about what you know," The man said.

"Thank you," Ryan nodded.

"If you leave your weapons and items with us," The man added.

Ryan sighed, but then he saw a chance when some desert wolves began to run toward him. Still, with his arms raised, Ryan fired several Flame Arrows and killed the beasts instantly. Proving that taking away his weapons and items was a waste of time.

You obtained 30 coins.

You obtained 30 coins.

You obtained 30 coins.

"Is there any meaning in doing that?" Ryan said. "I warned you about a big problem that is about to take place all over the world, didn't I? Besides, if I wanted to attack you or anyone else in the city, I could do it from here. You can imagine the power one needs to cross this area filled with monsters without getting scratched, right?"

Ryan had a point, and that man, alongside the other survivors, could only nod at it. For some reason, even though that guy had ten or so survivors at his side and they had quite a bit of experience hunting monsters, they didn't feel like they could take down Ryan. In truth, the reason was quite simple, few people dared to venture outside Las Vegas since the number of dungeons nearby was rather big, and those who ventured, only a few returned with some serious injuries. Now there was a man in front of them who not only crossed a larger distance alone and fought who knows how many monsters. If the people of Las Vegas could obtain the same classes he obtained they finally would be able to strike back at the monsters.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1