Chapter 127: It Is A Deal

Chapter 127: It is a deal

Apparently, Chloe's behavior only changed since her defeat. Although she seemed to look cold and calculative, she lost a lot of friends in that battle a week ago. After the loss, she decided to focus on herself instead of getting close to others again. It was a backstory similar to Ryan. The only difference was that Ryan worked alone almost every single time.

"I have been training to have my rematch, but as expected, I won't have time for that," Chloe said. "It would be too convenient if we could train forever while that fucker's level only increases once every five days."

Based on the few seconds of fight he saw, Ryan concluded that those Berserk Lionel had some certain level of intelligence, but much like the demons, the creatures that spawned were just the minions of someone much smarter and stronger.

"This bad news made me depressed," Chloe said and then sighed. "You can take my place if you want."

"So, you believe me?" Ryan asked. "It looks like you are far less cautious than your survivors."

"Don't be mistaken, I will wait here until morning and confirm your words," Chloe said. "Besides, I need a break. Show me something interesting, one-handed dude, and then I will consider listening to the other things you have to say and not treat them like nonsense."

Being called that wasn't very pleasant, but in the end, Ryan was exactly that a man with a single hand. In any case, Ryan wouldn't throw away his chance to practice his skills and gain coins, so he just headed toward the dungeon. Several of the survivors frowned when Ryan equipped his bow, but they frowned even more when they saw his right arm appearing. It looked like the right arm of a monster, after all.

"Let's see with my recovery at his level. I can maintain this skill for forty-five seconds. I guess that I can charge an attack of seven seconds per enemy then. That should be enough."

To confirm that theory, a new lion-like monster appeared, and then Rya did exactly that: charged Power Shot for seven seconds. When his bone arrow hit the monster, the whole body of the creature exploded, and the shockwave caused by the impact made everyone nearby step backward a little bit.

You obtained sixty coins.

"Not bad," Chloe said. "But you will never hit the boss with an attack of that level. Besides, it isn't nearly enough to kill it."

"It wouldn't be fun if it could," Ryan said. "

Regardless, seven seconds of charged Power Shot had been overkill. It was only natural since Ryan's dexterity was four hundred now. Ryan had to adjust his strength, but in the end, he still had four seconds of charge to kill the beasts. Not only that, his Flame Arrows were close to useless against the monster. Ryan had to use ten of them to kill a single monster, thus making it almost impractical to use.

"In terms of cost, both methods use almost the same amount. Still, I need to save time here like usual."

In the meantime, Ryan decided to train his Meditation and recover a little more mana. The effect was still low in comparison to his recovery, but it was better than nothing. While he was doing that, Ryan began to wonder if he would be able to tame the boss of the dungeon. It was only obvious that taming an intelligent creature would prove to be far more complicated.

"How many classes do you have?" Chloe asked.

"It is embarrassing to answer such a personal question," Ryan shrugged. "Would you answer your three sizes if a man asks?"

"No problem, mine are" Chloe said.

"Well, good for you, but I don't want to hear it," Ryan said.

"You are smarter than you look," Chloe laughed. "Only someone stupid or incredibly nave would answer that since others would be able to estimate how many skills you have and how many status points you earned. Regardless, you don't look like someone who was trained in the army like I was. Despite that, you have a certain air of confidence while using the bow."

"My father taught me how to use one for years," Ryan said.

Ryan didn't have to hide that kind of information since he took pride in that. Besides, if he was alive right now, it was all thanks to his teachings. Still, when Chloe began to ask other things like what he was doing before the monsters appeared, he stayed quiet. He was the leader of the survivors in the area and more or less the owner of that dungeon. Although Ryan had to stay on her good side to use the dungeon, he wouldn't do everything to achieve that. He had his job, and as far as he was concerned, he could just wait until the dungeon break happens, and then he and Alissa will have the chance that they want if Chloe decides that he is no longer welcomed there.

Fortunately, or maybe surprisingly, no one did anything to take his place. Even after several hours, Ryan still was killing the Berserk Lionels with a single shot. Although Chloe could do the same thing, she didn't have the mana, stamina, and recovery to do that for several hours.

"I am listening, Ryan," Chloe said. "What else do you have to say to us? After reaching this level of power, someone wouldn't waste time inventing crazy stories about dungeon breaks."

"I already said everything I know. The only left is about the location of the dungeons to obtain the classes," Ryan said. "Obviously, I intend to sell that information only. I think ten thousand coins per dungeon is a pretty reasonable price, don't you think?"

"I guess so," Chloe nodded. "Still, we spent all the coins we obtain to buy tomes and potions, so not even I have all that many coins to use. That being said, this information will be useful to us all, so I bet everyone will offer some coins to obtain that intel. In a few hours, I will return with the right amount."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1