Chapter 121: Shock

Chapter 121: Shock

Everything happened so fast that Ryan didn't even have time to get angry when he should have. All he saw was that suddenly Alissa and Baal were much closer than before, and then Alissa punched the demon with all her might. Baal was forced to slow down since he had to stop her attack with both hands.

"Asshole he aimed at me because I am the weakest one here."

It has been a while since Ryan felt that frustrated to be the weakest in the middle of the battlefield. Clenching his teeth, Ryan felt his mind getting clouded by anger, but even despite that, he kept exploding demons left and right with machine-like precision. He couldn't let anger control his judgment. Besides, if Ryan really wanted to reach that level of power, he would need to keep fighting more and more, and he won't feel satisfied until those beasts that look down on him die or stay far away from Earth. So, Ryan decided to burn the image of that battle in his mind.

In the end, due to the difference in size, Alissa won the melee, and Baal was sent flying downward and only stopped when it hit the ground. The entire city trembled, but Baal was back on his feet two seconds later as if nothing had happened.

"What do you know about dragons?" Alissa asked. "Why they were teleported to Earth while the other monsters spawned through dungeons?"

That was weird, Alissa was determined to question Baal only after defeating him, but it looked like she changed her mind for some reason. Maybe the few exchanges they had made her realize that she couldn't defeat with her current strength. Or maybe, she realized that she couldn't fight for long while going all-out.

Regardless, Baal didn't answer. Instead, it disappeared again and reappeared behind Alissa. With both hands, he shot that purple beam again. Alissa blocked the attack, but this time, she was pushed back much more than before. Alissa opened her mouth and fired a massive wave of flames toward Baal. Much to everyone's surprise, he completely ignored the attack and just kept firing whatever that purple beam was. When Alissa gave up, they only saw some smoke rising from Baal's body the Fire Breath of a dragon didn't damage him in the least. However, suddenly, Baal stopped his attack, and he fell to the ground.

"What the" Ryan muttered in shock. "Ah gravity magic."

It was obvious after thinking for a while what Alissa used, it really looked like she was going all-out for once, but instead of using that chance to smash Baal, she took her time to recover her breath. As expected, she couldn't use her draconic powers without paying the toll against that level's opponent.

"Where can I find your leader?" Alissa asked.

Unfortunately, it became evident that Baal didn't have the answers they were looking for. Although defeating him would benefit them, it looked like he was a bit too much for the current Alissa. However, even though she changed the tactics, she didn't lose the will to fight.

"Well, it looks like my chance to repay my debt will come sooner than I expected," Ryan said. "The problem is: can I escape from that thing?"

Ryan couldn't see Alissa making a miraculous comeback. Although she had a good part of Orgar's powers, she wasn't used to fighting. Not only that, the opponent this time was a mythical demon, a being that deserved the title of one of the six strongest of the demon army, and the leader was probably the devil himself. That was insane

After the first exchange, Alissa decided not to fight up-close again. Unfortunately, she didn't have time to prepare a powerful enough attack to wound Baal. The best she could do was to use gravity magic and stop the demon. Much faster than anyone expected, Alissa tried to use gravity at some point, but the effect of the spell had been much weaker. Baal used that chance and charged toward Alissa and with all his might. The demon kicked her face. The power of the attack had been so powerful that the shockwave caused by it almost knocked down Ryan, who was a hundred meters away from it. As for the demons that still were leaving the castle, they all fell on the ground like dominoes. At the same time, Ryan felt Alissa's presence getting weaker.

"She is unconscious" Ryan said when he saw Alissa's body returning to normal while rolling on the ground. "Shit, it is now or never."

Ryan used Incomplete Reptilian Transformation and summoned a bone arrow, but before he could pull the string of his bow, he saw Alissa getting up and then flying toward him.

"Save your arrows. We are leaving."

Ryan lost the chance to pay his debt since Orgar took control over Alissa's body. Fortunately, he used all the strength he had to escape and even grabbed Ryan since Alissa probably would hate him if escapes leaving him behind.

Baal tried to chase them. However, by using several of his skills, Orgar reached a speed at which not even the demon could accompany them. At the same time, Ryan couldn't even open his eyes, and his skin was burning due to the friction. Instead of just touching the purple crystal, Orgar hit Alissa's and Ryan's bodies against it.

When they returned to Earth, Ryan fell on the ground alongside Alissa. Orgar, who had taken over her body apparently had gone to sleep as well since his presence was even weaker than before, and Alissa wasn't getting up. They sure were relaxed given that Baal could chase them, but after a while, Ryan concluded that he couldn't do it for some reason.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1