Chapter 126: Berserk Lionel

Chapter 126: Berserk Lionel

Once again, Victor had a hard time believing in Ryan's words it was only natural, but even Ryan had a limit to his patience. Instead of talking more or explaining, Ryan decided to only open his mouth again after finding the survivors' leader in the area and then say what he knew, get his reward and then explore the dungeon.

Much to Ryan's surprise, they were walking in a straight line toward the dungeon. The survivors built their camp around it just was one would expect, but things looked quite noisy in there. Some fight was happening in front of the dungeon. After a while, Ryan got close enough to see a black-haired woman kicking and punching what seemed to be a minotaur no, it wasn't a minotaur. It was something that had a humanoid body but had the head of a lion. The creature had a lot of fun around the arms and legs, and it has even claws there At the same time, the beast also had some scary-looking fangs.

Berserk Lionel - Lv 30

Health: 1.000 /1.000

Mana: 600/600

Stamina: 1.200/1.200

Strength: 250 (+100)

Dexterity: 150 (+40)

Speed: 300 (+60)

Intelligence: 50 (+10)

Endurance: 550 (+150)

Control: 120 (+20)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 30

Passive Physical Skills: Pain Resistance Lv 50

Spells: Strong Arms Lv 50

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 40

"Mmm that looks like a troublesome opponent," Ryan said since that creature was stronger than the monsters he saw outside the city.

That level of endurance and Pain Resistance were a problem, but the black-haired woman was fighting while hitting the monster's arms and legs when it was trying to use those. Her weapons were a pair of bracers. It was a weird choice of weapon considering that monsters can smash humans with ease since just one month had passed since they appeared. Still, the black-haired woman had the advantage in the fight, she was tall, and it looked like she had plenty of fighting experience since her muscles were well-defined. Even while covered in sweat, she didn't have a single wound on her body. Meanwhile, the lion-like monster was already covered in bruises and had a hard time raising its arms.

For some reason, the woman was fighting solo even though several armed survivors were around. That was a problem since Ryan already could hear another monster's footsteps coming out from the dungeon. However, before the second appearance, the woman jumped backward and then prepared her final attack. It was like Ryan's Power Shot, but she used her entire body to concentrate a single attack. In the end, the woman disappeared for a second, and then she reappeared, punching the monster and ripping off its head from the body.

"That is our leader. Her name is Chloe," Victor said. "I will suggest you not to anger her. She has a short-temper."

"I suspected as much," Ryan said.

Chloe stepped aside when the next monster appeared, and several other survivors took her place. It was kind of satisfying to see another human who also had gotten pretty strong as well. Still, Ryan couldn't help but frown a little when he saw the woman sitting in an armchair, and then several survivors began to fan her with some fans. Las Vegas was pretty hot at that time of the year, but still

"Ma'am, we have a visitor," Victor said. "This is Ryan, and he came from Houston to warn us about some problems that are about to happen."

Chloe looked at Ryan from head to toe. Although she didn't underestimate him for having lost one arm, she didn't seem interested in talking. Instead of that, someone brought her a juice, and she began to drink it.

"It looks like the end of the world has been pretty relaxing to some people," Ryan said. "You should enjoy this moment more because this is probably the last day of you guys in Las Vegas."

This time Chloe not only looked at Ryan, but she also glared at him. That sounded like a threat. Although Victor seemed surprised by that statement, he more or less could understand the meaning behind Ryan's words. After all, they haven't cleared that dungeon yet.

"Ma'am, Ryan came to warn us that all the dungeons in the world that haven't been cleared yet will break tomorrow at six in the morning," Victor said. "He also came to sell the information of some easy to clear dungeons."

" Are you really from Houston?" Chloe asked. "I imagined you had to pass by many dungeons just to warn us."

"No, I am not from Houston," Ryan said. "I came from a place close to Dallas. I just went to investigate the biggest city in the region that hadn't been nuked. Anyway, you don't need to believe me. I just ask you to let me clear the dungeon as a sign of goodwill for the information that I already gave you. If the dungeon breaks, dozens of bosses will spawn, and all of them will leave the dungeon. Also, thousands of those lion-like creatures will come out as well. I don't think you want to see that."

Chloe studied Ryan again. Despite his words, he was pretty calm, and he also sounded pretty convincing, as if he had experienced one of those dungeon breaks. Still, Chloe didn't get nervous or worried.

"I guess we will have to abandon Las Vegas," Chloe said and then sighed. "All that fighting for nothing, huh. We will have to start over somewhere else again."

"You are strong, and yet, you don't plan to clear the dungeon?" Ryan asked. "It looks like you already faced the boss of this dungeon."

"Indeed that fucker almost killed me one week ago," Chloe clenched her teeth in annoyance. "And before that happened, he killed twenty of strongest survivors I had trained myself in less than a minute."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1