Chapter 128: Unavoidable

Chapter 128: Unavoidable

Although Chloe and Victor left the area, Ryan still was being watched by a few dozens of survivors. While he was fine with that, he felt like he was missing something it couldn't be that he was missing Alissa's presence. Still, that doubt didn't leave his mind.

Regardless, Power Shot was leveling a lot since the opponents were tough and Ryan had to charge the attack for several seconds, and his other skills were also increasing at a steady pace. The problem was: could Ryan clear the dungeon alone before sunrise? It was already midnight, and considering that he couldn't do anything against Baal, Ryan started to think that brute strength wouldn't be enough to defeat other intelligent foes.

Class: Hunter Lv 27 / Elementalist Lv 25/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/--

Rank: 842nd

Health: 75/138 (0, 7950)

Mana: 150 /226 (0, 7950)

Stamina: 96/138 (0,7950)

Strength: 10 (+32) (+30)

Dexterity: 300 (+83) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+51) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+79) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+61)

Control: 06 (+65) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 150 (+227) (+100)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 72.350

Status: 77

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 27 (+6 UP), Herculean Strength Lv 12 (+3 UP),

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 26 (+2 UP), Concentration Lv 26 (+2 UP), Archery Lv 26 (+2 UP), Accuracy Lv 26 (+2 UP), Stealth Lv 11 (+3 UP), Perception Lv 15 (+2 UP), Precision Lv 26 (+2 UP), Art of Sniping Lv 26 (+2 UP), Shield Mastery Lv 10 (+3 UP), Magnet Lv 12 (+2 UP), Passive Recovery Lv 18 (+2 UP), Bleed Lv 17 (+3 UP),

Spells: Meditation Lv 17, Appraisal Lv 22, Repair Lv 08, Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 09, Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 18,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 16, Beastmaster Lv 06,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 06,

Things progressed so well that Ryan even forgot about that feeling. However, one hour before sunrise, that feeling returned in spades when Ryan finally noticed that the people that were watching him suddenly disappeared.

"Good grief" Ryan sighed. "They can't be that stupid, right?"

Even with his Nocturnal Vision, Ryan couldn't see anyone. If the people of that city were planning anything, they knew exactly the time to do it. When Ryan heard the sound of another monster approaching, he prepared a Power Shot, but then he heard a hissing sound coming from his right side. Immediately, he jumped in that direction while his back was pointing toward that direction. Ryan heard a powerful thud when his spiked shield got hit. At the same time, he heard a small grunt coming from that direction as well.

"The time has finally come" Ryan sighed and fired his bone arrow, and killed the Berserk Lionel. "For a while, I even forgot about this possibility thanks to those idiots."

By those idiots, Ryan was referring to the people of Shreveport. Lilian, Cole, John, and all the others Noticing that they couldn't wait for the next monster, several projectiles flew toward Ryan. Even Fireballs, Earth Arrows, Wind Blades were among the projectiles. His back was well-protected thanks to the spiked shield, but Ryan was forced to use Mana Shield to block those who were aimed at his heart and head.

Ryan heard some grunts again thanks to the effect of the spiked shield apparently, that effect doesn't have a limit of the range. While that was cool, Ryan could think about it later. First, he had to steel his resolve he killed thousands of monsters until now, but now he had to kill humans.

Without a hint of hesitation, Ryan destroyed the bonfire with an Earth Arrow. The people who tried to kill him panicked when they suddenly lost sight of him and then some began to run away. However, the vast majority calmed down after hearing someone's voice.

"Calm down!" Chloe shouted. "He can't see well in this darkness too, just burn everything close to you, and he won't be able to find any of us."

Chloe really had planned that attack her excuse of collecting coins from everyone was just a big lie. She probably thought all the power Ryan had was due to some magic items that he had and others that were hidden. She couldn't be more wrong about so many things.

Ryan leaped and then fired several Flame Arrows in the direction where Chloe's voice came from. Although he didn't hit her, he saw her when the arrows hit some survivors nearby her.

"Found you," Ryan said. "Let's hope Father and Mother in the beyond won't feel much disgusted by this."

When Ryan landed, several other projectiles flew toward him, but he dodged them all by lowering his posture and running. However, when he was thirty or so meters away from Chloe, a new group of enemies appeared. Ryan didn't see them, but he heard the sound of triggers being pulled. A barrage of bullets was shot toward him, and even though Ryan reacted as fast as possible, his right arm still got hit in several places.

"Ouch this hurts like hell," Ryan said after noticing that each bullet took five points off his health. "She had a squad armed with firearms behind her pretty smart."

While Ryan wasn't suffering much damage and his foes were getting scratched thanks to his shield's effect, the situation wasn't good. He could hear footsteps, and the people were trying to surround him. Although they didn't know all the things that Ryan could do, they knew his mana had a limit.

"Oh, well" Ryan sighed. "I guess they won't mind since they aren't going to receive a proper funeral, after all."

When Chloe's allies began to fire magic projectiles again, they frowned when they saw that the Fireballs were stopping before hitting Ryan. More important than that, the Fireballs agglomerated in a single place until it was larger than a human. When that happened, Ryan fired it toward the squad of armed survivors. They screamed in agony, unable to dissipate the fire on their clothes. The smell of human flesh burning bothered Ryan, but he didn't stop there.

You obtained 212 coins.

You obtained 359 coins.

You obtained 411 coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1