Chapter 125: Warning

Chapter 125: Warning

Although it was annoying, Ryan had to wait for a while. The military-looking man seemed really troubled with his existence. It was evident that he wanted the knowledge that Ryan had, but he couldn't just let a stranger enter the city without confirming if that stranger could be a threat.

"It is a bit soon for that, but I guess I don't need to feel so tense around the people here. If this guy is troubled, thanks to me, he probably isn't an asshole."

Still, time was of the essence, and Ryan decided to help the guy reach a conclusion a bit faster. The problem was: what could he do to make a serious guy like that understand once and for all that he wasn't an enemy?

"How about this," Ryan said and then picked his Flame Sword. "I will let you have this weapon while staying inside the city. It is my best weapon, so you won't have to worry about me suddenly picking it up and slashing people left and right. I can't give any of my bows, but you must be aware that sometimes it is required to fire an arrow."

After saying that, Ryan tossed the sword, and the man grabbed it. After he read the status, he confirmed that it was indeed a powerful weapon. In fact, it was the strongest weapon he had seen, and yet, that stranger easily gave it away temporarily.

"If it is just temporary, you certainly won't mind giving us that shield on your back," The man said.

"Don't be unreasonable," Ryan said.

Ryan was getting impatient, but fortunately, the military-looking man gave the other survivors the order to relax. That being said, he only gave permission for Ryan to approach when two other squads of heavily armed survivors approached.

"You have the permission to enter Las Vegas," The man said. "However, these people and I will keep an eye on you."

"I don't mind," Ryan said.

Although he jumped here and there, Ryan never really tested the power of his body. Still, with a single jump, he easily passed over those ten meters tall walls. For an archer, his body sure was strong. Still, without wasting any more time, the military-looking man began to lead him to their leader while twenty or so people armed with firearms were behind Ryan.

"Can I assume that you guys have a dungeon inside the city which spawns somewhat intelligent monsters?" Ryan asked.

"Well, you said that you want to see a proof, right?" The man said. "So, it will be better to see for yourself. By the way, my name is Victor, and I apologize for all that time wasted back there."

"No need to apologize," Ryan said. "You don't trust me yet, so it is only natural that he would be cautious."

" Right," Victor said. "Still, can you give me some details as to how you discovered about the dungeon breaks? I assume you want to sell other types of information unrelated to this, Am I correct?"

"Yes, about that" Ryan frowned, thinking of how hard it would be to believe about the things he experienced the previous day. "There is a dungeon which spawns demons in Houston, and the boss of there was a highly intelligent demon. After defeating the monster, I forced him to tell me what he knew."

Ryan kept Alissa's existence a secret because he didn't know if he could trust that people yet. If they know that he is working with a human who has draconic powers, they won't try anything funny, but if they were scum, they would try to steal Ryan's items if they think that he is alone.

"Demons?" Victor frowned.

"Yes, demons," Ryan said. "You saw dragons, but you can't believe in the existence of demons? Anyway, that is not even the crazy part of the story."

"Really?" Victor asked. "I was thinking that you crossing almost two thousand of kilometers was the unbelievable part of the story."

"After interrogating the demon, I used the purple crystal and appeared on another world, a world that demons had exterminated the dominant species and now a single demon was the owner of the place," Ryan explained. "One of the five generals of the demons' army was there; his name is Baal, and he is much more powerful than any dragon."

"Baal? That Baal from the games and the Bible?" Victor frowned even more.

"Is he mentioned in the Bible?" Ryan asked, surprised. "I didn't know that. Well, I guess it makes sense now since his boss is the devil himself."

" This is a bit hard to process," Victor looked behind and saw the survivors whispering among themselves. "You need to forgive me for not buying this story entirely."

"Understandable," Ryan said. "Anyway, for the time being, they won't be a threat since I left someone behind watching the dungeon they spawn, but if you want to confirm my theory, you are free to go to Houston and see the dungeon yourself."

That was improbably, so Ryan was fully aware that no one would be able to prove if he was lying or not. In any case, Ryan would have to stay for a few days in Las Vegas, so at the very least, he will prove his information about the dungeon breaks.

Around ninety percent of Las Vegas had been destroyed due to the dragon's attack, but there were plenty of survivors around despite that. However, most of them were just trying to scavenge things amidst the rubble since their previous technology might still be useful. Still, even though there were a few dungeons around, the number of fighters was low compared to the total number of survivors. Thanks to that, the walls that had been created using the Earth Wall spell only could be found at a few points.

"You guys need to be a bit more cautious while working during the day," Ryan said. "Even though the dragons left most of the cities, they attacked behind. They might return."

"I don't think so," Victor said. "They already destroyed everything they could destroy here, and the population decreased drastically."

"Well, you probably won't believe this a single dragon returned to attack two hundred or so survivors," Ryan said. "When that happened, even those who had three classes didn't have the chance to fight. The only thing they did was run."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1