Chapter 131: Tough Foe

Chapter 131: Tough Foe

The talk wasn't over yet. Alissa wanted to ask more things about the boss' allies and confirm right there if he has to hide something. However, after emanating a weird blue aura from his body, the monster freed himself from the gravity trap Alissa had created and then disappeared. Ryan immediately cast Mana Shield, and he barely managed to stop the boss from crushing him. Once again, he was being treated like the weakest in the place.

Before the Mana Shield could shatter, Alissa transformed his right hand and tried to smash the monster. However, her attack wasn't as nearly as fast enough to hit the boss. The creature jumped back and avoided the attack.

"I can see now where all that confidence was coming from. He knows that Alissa doesn't have much experience in battle, and she isn't that good at controlling Orgar's power or even his body. As expected, if she isn't fast or skilled enough, all that power is useless against some opponents."

In order not to be stopped by Alissa's gravity, the boss began to jump around as fast as he could move. The difference in speed was so big that Ryan couldn't even see the monster. The only thing he could do was to react on instinct alone. Still, even though that was beneficial, relying on speed alone might be troublesome, and Ryan knew how to take advantage of that.

"He is trying to buy time for the dungeon break, Alissa. Just step back and burn this entire area with the Fire Breath."

"But if I hit the crystal" Alissa said.

"Then just don't attack that area. You can control at least that much the flames."

"If I do that, he will notice it, and he will run the on the only place I can't attack," Alissa said.

"Just do it," Ryan said, and then he equipped his bow. "I will deal with him if he decides to do that."

Everyone knew that a single arrow wouldn't kill the boss. In the end, Ryan cursed his lack of concentration. He let the previous incident take a big toll on his head. While that was only natural, it was annoying to fight against a much stronger opponent without potions he couldn't let that happen again. Otherwise, his options will be limited in the future.

Regardless, they stepped back, and even in her human form, Alissa used Fire Breath. As expected, the entire last part of the dungeon was engulfed in flames. The only part which wasn't being burned has a few centimeters above the ground, which Ryan used to confirm the boss's location. As expected, the very moment the beast confirmed that Alissa didn't want to attack the purple crystal, he ran to there. Even if he had a high endurance and recovery, he could only last for so long against a direct hit.

Ryan nocked his arrow and prepared the attack, he didn't need it, but in the end, he charged Power Shot for a few seconds. Even while surrounded by the flames, the boss noticed Ryan's attack. It was only obvious that Ryan would attack at that moment since a human using the powers of a dragon could only keep using Fire Breath with that much power for so long. The boss grabbed the bone arrow without much difficulty, and it only suffered a small scratch on his hand. However, when the beast broke the arrow, he felt a shiver for some reason. He didn't sense any other attack coming since no attack came yet it was only being prepared. When the boss noticed that the ground was swallowing his feet, he immediately punched it. However, he only slowed down the process a bit. In the end, the monster used both hands and clawed the ground beneath his right feet when he saw that Ryan made his choice and smashed the left foot of the boss.

"It looks like his endurance isn't that impressive against magic attacks I guess mentality works better against that type of attack."

Ryan tried to completely destroy the monster's feet in order to prevent any healing or regeneration, but in the end, the monster endured the pain, and he had been fast enough also to pull his left feet from the ground. As much as Ryan wanted to repeat that again, he couldn't since he spent eighteen percent of his mana in that single attack. After all, he attacked from very far away, and he didn't hold back. At the same time, the Fire Breath ended, and Alissa appeared with a pale expression on her face.

"Sorry let me catch my breath a little bit," Alissa said.

Alissa probably used a lot of mana in a short amount of time in a technique she didn't use often. Although the situation was a bit complicated, Ryan still had plenty of stamina to fight, so he put away his bow and equipped his Flame Sword. Alissa did the same and readied her long blue sword.

"I admit that I underestimated you two a little bit," The boss said. "But I think you two are going a bit too far"

"A little bit, huh," Ryan said. "I wonder if that is the case. Maybe you are right, but you are guilty of the same crime"

The boss frowned since he also sensed that Ryan wasn't bluffing. In the end, he finally noticed that his wounds made him bleed more than he had expected. Thanks to it, even if recovery helps him a little bit, he would have to pay a great toll in order for his right feet to become usable again. Besides, it wasn't like Ryan and Alissa would wait for it.

"You shouldn't think that you only lost half of your speed," Ryan said and then smirked.

For some reason, Ryan was feeling pretty good at that moment. It was probably because the enemy wasn't another brain-dead monster, but it wasn't a seemingly invincible powerhouse like Baal either. Defeating the creature here truly would make him feel like he won a battle for his home planet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1