Chapter 134: Anomalies

Chapter 134: Anomalies

After leaving the dungeon, Ryan confirmed that to learn Wind Manipulation, he would need one hundred thousand coins. While obtaining that number of coins wasn't out of the question, Ryan was wondering if he would have time to level those skills at a decent pace and at the same time. Still, it was necessary against enemies that could use magic.

"Ryan, can you tell me the locations where you got your first classes?" Alissa asked.

" Why do you want to learn that?" Ryan asked while furrowing his eyebrows.

"I was talking with Orgar, and we concluded that I would probably master his powers faster if I obtain some power on my own," Alissa replied. "For the time being, the bonuses of classes are weak, but considering that you already can face a dragon, it isn't a bonus that can't be ignored."

Although the reasoning was sound, Ryan wasn't convinced. After thinking for a while, Ryan finally concluded that she was just using a reason to return to Shreveport in order to check things in there due to the dungeon breaks. She didn't have any reason to check the survivors, but she was considerate since Ryan knew some people there. That was annoying. Besides, Ryan was pretty sure Shreveport would be fine for the time being since he and others cleaned most of the dungeons in the area.

"You are going to work with us for six months, right?" Alissa said. "So, there is no need to rush it. Besides, after investigating two species, Orgar concluded that finding the answers he wants will take a lot more time and effort than he had imagined. Instead of risking ourselves again, we should use this time to prepare accordingly."

More sounds arguments and yet Ryan only felt more annoyed. Even though it was risky and it wasn't his goal, facing those opponents to gather intel had been worth the hassle, despite the fact that Ryan couldn't do much against Baal. Still, since Alissa and Orgar's plans changed, he wouldn't be able to pay his debt as fast as possible, just like he planned. Again, it made sense, but Ryan couldn't just accept it. Yet, he couldn't do anything about it.

"Whatever," Ryan said.

"That being said, we should first clear the dungeons around this area, right?" Alissa asked. "I don't know if we are lucky or not, but they have already been cleaned in the past weeks."

That made sense. It would be weird if Chloe reached that level of power without classes. Besides, Ryan also needs to tame a new monster. Given that he wouldn't need to train the beast for a while, Alissa decided to go to that dungeon first. She was considerate in order to repair the damage caused by her mistake. Unfortunately, Alissa couldn't see that nothing that she does will make Ryan change his mind.

Although it would be faster to just fly in her dragon form, Alissa decided to just walk toward the dungeons since they were just a few kilometers away from each other. Besides, she wanted to train aim, even though it was completely unnecessary. Thanks to her draconic status, she could hit enemies five hundred meters away from her with ease. The problem was the crossbows since their range was half of that.

"This isn't much of a training," Alissa frowned. "Orgar, what should I do about this?"

"Don't ask me. I never had problems with my powers before. Let's see if you increase the gravity around your body, it will probably compensate for the status I granted to you."

Those two really were an anomaly they were thinking of ways to fighting while giving the monsters a handicap. In any case, it was better for them to solve those problems by themselves than ask for Ryan's opinion. Although Ryan wasn't earning any coins, he wouldn't complain since he would soon get other classes. Besides, he was training his Water Manipulation. Currently, his goal was to become skilled enough to drain the water from the bodies of his foes. The problem was to do that. He would have to touch their bodies, and the fact that he would need to level up that skill for a very long time.

Although the dungeon breaks only happened one hour ago, the very moment Ryan and Alissa reached the desert wolves' dungeon. They already could see the changes. Dozens, if not hundreds, of flying monsters, were flying everywhere and changing the color of the sky it had been a long while since Ryan saw some pterodactyls, and that only made him sigh since they weren't supposed to be around that area. Obviously, none of them approached, thanks to Alissa's presence.

"I wonder if you tame the boss, the system will recognize it as defeated," Alissa said. "Well, I guess it isn't really a problem. If the system doesn't recognize that, we just have to return tomorrow morning. Anyway, the dungeon is all yours since I cleaned the path."

"I am fine. You can continue," Ryan said while a sphere of water was flying around him.

"Are you sure?" Alissa asked. "You probably will feel conflicted again if I do everything alone and wonder if you deserve the next class."

It looked like Alissa didn't learn her lesson, or perhaps some of Ryan's expressions were really easy to read. Regardless, he was determined to master all the elemental Manipulations. After the battle that happened a few hours ago, Ryan recognized the potential of having those four spells at his disposal. Essentially, as long as he has mana and his skills were at a decent level, he would be able to counter all monsters' magic when he wouldn't be able to dodge them. For someone like Ryan, who had low endurance and mentality, a power like that was absolutely necessary. While he was quite certain that he could obtain at some point spells that can block certain attacks as long as he as mana, Ryan would only be able to use the strength of his foes against them, with the elemental manipulations.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1