Chapter 135: Class: Mercenary

Chapter 135: Class: Mercenary

In the end, Ryan regretted a little letting Alissa do all the work. Due to the fact that her status was high and the desert wolves weren't really that strong when she tried to immobilize the boss, she ended up destroying all of its limbs. The sorry sight of the boss made Ryan frown and wonder if it was really a good idea to use that monster...

"Sorry, I am really sorry," Alissa forced an awkward smile while Ryan was healing his new beast.

Desert Wolf Alpha

Health: 750/1.200

Mana: 1.200 /1.200

Stamina: 1.400/1.400

Strength: 350

Dexterity: 350

Speed: 350

Intelligence: 300

Endurance: 250

Control: 200

Mentality: 250

Luck: 200

Recovery: 350

Willpower: 150

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Steel Claws Lv 40

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 30

Spells: Quick Legs Lv 50

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 40

Ryan ignored her because, in the end, that was partly his fault, and they also obtained access to the treasure chest, even though they didn't receive a single coin for 'defeating' the boss of the dungeon.

"You need to eat a bit in order to recover the weight you just lost," Ryan said to his new pet. "That being said, you will have a hard time facing Earthworms, so you should stay with us for a little bit."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Mercenary, Scavenger, and Dancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

The classes weren't anything special this time. It was only natural given that the desert wolves weren't much stronger than salamanders. In any case, the harpies and the earthworms were just a bit more troublesome since they could attack from a distance, and they could also surprise the enemies. That being said, Ryan wasn't surprised a single time since he left Las Vegas due to Alissa's presence.

"It is a bit late to notice that, but the classes of those treasure chests are divided as melee, ranged, and magical. Although sometimes there are some variations, the classes are mostly in those categories. So, theoretically, I should choose Scavenger. However, for some reason, I feel a bit interested in the mercenary class. Dancer is out of the question I don't know how to dance, and even if there is a skill that helps with that, I will only make a fool out of myself by doing anything like it during a fight."

Given that he wanted to keep increasing his dexterity, Ryan had a hard time choosing between mercenary and scavenger. Still, in the end, he chose the mercenary class. Besides, he could always obtain the other class later, given that Alissa wanted to obtain some classes to control her draconic powers, which will eventually happen without a doubt.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Mercenary!

You obtained the following skills: Focus, Morale, and Tackle.

Your health and strength will increase by two points. Your endurance, stamina, mana, and mentality will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Focus.

Effect: It passively increases your mentality by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Morale.

Effect: It passively increases your willpower by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tackle.

Effect: Attacks your enemy with your shoulder by using the full weight of your body.

Damage: Your weight + strength + 10%

Cost: 10 Stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

"It looks like I messed up this time my intuition isn't that good, after all."

Still, despite the surprise and disappointment, Ryan obtained two passive skills that will increase his survivability a little bit. As for what class Alissa picked, Ryan didn't even ask. Although it was a bit rash given that the desert wolf was still underweight, Ryan began to use his elemental attacks on him. In the blink of an eye, the monster obtained those elemental resistances, and they reached level ten. And after they left the dungeon, Ryan made the beast run around them until it could barely move. He also made the monster repeat that several times until Dash reached level twenty in just a few hours.

"You are pretty harsh with your companions," Alissa said. "Even more with those that are completely loyal to you."

"That only shows how much faith I have in them," Ryan said. "Unlike others who don't deserve my time."

Ryan felt Alissa's aura getting intense, but that was just Orgar getting mad. It would be weird if he didn't get angry after hearing that. While that was pretty harsh a bit cruel on Ryan's part, he had no intention of lying or hiding the things he thinks about others.

Regardless, while Ryan was feeding the desert wolf with the monsters Alissa was killing, he continued to attack it with his elemental attacks while he also healed the beast. That was the weirdest carrot and stuck Ryan had seen, but he didn't stop, neither the wolf. The monster ate dozens of harpies and salamanders as if his stomach was endless.

"Let's not make this bad boy retort to cannibalism. Hopefully, the tamer skills will level up before we clear these dungeons, and then I will tame another monster, but if that doesn't happen. I can't just wait for it."

It was a pity that Ryan had a lot of recovery and mana, but he couldn't use it to level up those tamer skills. That being said, considering that they could level up by themselves, they weren't half bad. Once he has a few monsters, those skills will level up much faster than any other. So, Ryan only needed to be a bit patient.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1