Chapter 137: Class: Spy

Chapter 137: Class: Spy

In the end, Alissa cleared the dungeon without any issues since the power of her dexterity alongside the crossbows was enough to make the harpies explode. Although the boss caused a few problems since the bitch could create tornadoes capable of slicing apart monsters and humans' limbs, Alissa finished it off pretty fast.

Regardless, Ryan wanted to train his desert wolf a little more, but he couldn't waste any more time with it. So, he decided to make the monster level up his direction as much as possible while Alissa and Ryan choose their new class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Brawler, Spy, and Siren.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"This must be my punishment for letting Alissa do all the work Although Brawler is a new class that I didn't see before, I already saw Spry Siren. In any case, I can't risk it anymore. I already made a mistake once, and I won't repeat it again."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Spy!

You obtained the following skills: Detection, Disarm, and Mirage.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points; your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Detection.

Effect: It grants you the chance to locate traps located nearby. The range is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by five.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Disarm.

Effect: It grants you the power to disarm all the nearby traps that you have found.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mirage.

Effect: It grants you the power to use the darkness to conceal yourself. As long as you don't move, you won't be found or felt.

Cost: 10 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan had complicated feelings about those skills Although the class increased the status that he wanted, the skills cost a lot of mana, and they would only be useful on certain occasions. In any case, it was probably better than the other classes.

While Ryan and Alissa were heading toward the exit of the dungeon, Ryan had to muster all his willpower to negate his pride. Sacrifices had to be done sometimes, it can't be helped and avoided and now was one of those times. For the sake of Arthur and his conscience, Ryan had to ask Alissa for a favor.

"Let's go to Shreveport," Ryan said. "It will be easy to obtain some classes for you there."

"Is that how you ask someone a favor?"

Apparently, Alissa stopped reading Ryan's mind, but Orgar never promised that he would do the same. Still, he decided to ignore the oversized lizard. Despite that, the pure white smile on Alissa's face still annoyed the hell out of him.

"All right," Alissa said, still smiling.

It was annoying it was so fricking annoying, and yet Ryan couldn't do anything to calm down his nerves. There was no real reason to return to Shreveport aside from seeing the survivors from there since he already cleared probably all the dungeons in the area. Regardless, Ryan flew toward his hometown on Alissa's back without saying a single word.

Ryan thought the trip to Shreveport would be less annoying, but those complicated feelings didn't leave him. Although it was a good sign that he was worried about the well-being of a life that was entrusted to him, Ryan couldn't help but feel a headache due to his choices. Currently, his sole goal was to fight as many monsters as possible and prevent the complete obliteration of the planet. Aside from that, he also wanted power because he needed to achieve his first goal. Still, here was Ryan abandoning his goals and wishes just to confirm the safety of another life.

"I shouldn't think too much about this. The more I think about it, the stronger this headache gets."

In the end, Ryan couldn't just leave his life alone without caring about the others. It was a pain to admit that, but after analyzing the choices that he made, it was only obvious. He helped Tristan and his sister. He helped Zoe, that family when he returned to Shreveport, Arthur, and his mother As much as he wanted, he couldn't become a cold blood person. At least not entirely.

Regardless, the trip lasted less than one hour, and somehow, Ryan noticed that Alissa got faster. It was probably the result of fighting and obtaining classes here and there. Still, that was one heck of a flying vehicle to cross more than one thousand kilometers in less than a single hour.

"As you know, there is a dungeon near the lake," Ryan said. "However, I don't know if the boss is alive. So, you should."

"It is fine, I can wait," Alissa interrupted Ryan and spoke.

Ryan sighed because, in the end, he couldn't just make Alissa go away while he tells the others about her existence. She wanted to appear in the middle of the city, and that would cause a massive headache for him. Regardless, as one would expect, the very moment Alissa began to fly down and the survivors' camp entered their field of vision, they saw the survivors moving around toward the dungeon.

"At least they are smart enough to put some guards to watch the sky. Maybe I wasted my time coming here dragons can't enter this dungeon, after all. Can they destroy it? That could be a problem if they have only this hideout."

Ryan couldn't help but frown as to why he was thinking about that. However, it was necessary since Daniel's opinions were valued by many and in Ryan's eyes, he was an incompetent idiot.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1