Chapter 138: A Troublesome Smirk

Chapter 138: A troublesome smirk

When Alissa and Ryan landed, they didn't find a single survivor. They learned their lesson after the red dragon attacked them. Still, Alissa sighed since the only plan they had in case a dragon appear was to hide.

"I am kind of disappointed with your friends," Alissa said. "They don't have the courage to face a single dragon even with those numbers."

"They are not my friends," Ryan said. "But I guess some of them can be considered brothers in arms or something like that."

"Then why are you worried about them?" Alissa asked.

"Are you making fun of me, or you really don't know?" Ryan frowned. "There is only a single person here who I am worried about. Someone that can't look after himself and won't be able to do so for many years."

"A newborn baby?" Alissa asked, shocked. "I didn't know you were a father."

"I am not," Ryan said and then began to walk toward the dungeon.

Much sooner than Ryan expected, he had to stop. The ground was a bit weird in some places as if something had been dug there. Ryan frowned since the skills he thought wouldn't be used for many days to come could be used right at that moment. Ryan used the detection and then found dozens of traps around the dungeon. Alissa had already noticed them, so they just zig-zagged through them and finally arrived in the dungeon.

"Hey, I know that you guys are inside the dungeon," Ryan shouted. "Come out, now, and stop wasting my time."

" Can you give me the proof that you are the real Ryan and not a dragon with his form?" Daniel asked.

"Yes, I can," Ryan said. "If you don't appear now, I will enter the dungeon and explode your head."

"Hahaha," Daniel laughed. "That sounds like something the real Ryan would say to think that you would be alive after all that."

Daniel appeared alongside the others who already knew Ryan. Cole and his friends, Tristan and his sister, Lilian, her little brother, and the people he fought alongside against the Sahuagins. He could feel the presence of several others behind, but those didn't know Ryan, nor did they feel safe knowing that a dragon just appeared. Regardless, they couldn't help but frown when they saw Alissa and the aura that she was emanating. Although she looked like a sickly girl, her presence was something else. Despite all that, since she looked in a bad mood, she looked like someone who would get along well with Ryan.

"For much of my disappointment, it looks like you are fine," Ryan said. "Anyway, I don't know if you guys noticed, but all dungeons that haven't been cleared yet broke this morning. I don't need to explain what that means, right?"

"That tremor" Daniel furrowed his eyebrows. "This is bad"

"How is he?" Ryan asked while looking at Mia and ignoring Daniel's worried expression.

"He is all right," Mia smiled with Arthur in her arms. "Despite everything, he doesn't make much fuss."

"Is that so" Ryan said.

"What a cute baby!" Alissa suddenly approached with a large smile on her face that Ryan never saw before. "Can I hold him? Please?"

"Er" Mia frowned and then looked at Ryan.

"Don't look at me. You are his guardian. You decide," Ryan said.

In the end, Mia didn't feel any ill intentions coming from Alissa. Besides, Ryan wouldn't bring someone who could hurt Arthur. It was pretty obvious that the only person he was worried about was him, after all.

Despite her presence and much to everyone's surprise, Arthur didn't make a fuss while Alissa held him. For someone who doesn't care whether the human race survives or not, she sure was happy while holding Arthur. Still, it made sense after a while. Even Alissa wasn't unreasonable enough to hate a newborn baby. There was no point in blaming her misfortune on someone who couldn't even take care of himself.

"Ryan, we saw a dragon approaching," Daniel said. "Did you and your friend kill it?"

"No, she is the dragon that you saw," Ryan said. "Don't ask me more than that. Anyway, I just came to inform you of that. Due to the dungeon breaks, the megalodons population increased, and the dragons are returning to the continent to look for food."

"Megalodons?" Daniel asked, his face was pale as a ghost.

" Don't interrupt me," Ryan sighed. "Regardless, I don't know if dragons can't bury dungeons, so you guys should look for a plan B. Create an underground shelter or something. Anyway, let's get going, Alissa."

"We can relax a little," Alissa said while she was making faces to Arthur. "I want to clear this dungeon first because it would be a pain to move around when there is a class to get so close to us."

Ryan sighed again. In the end, as far as Ryan was concerned, Alissa could do whatever the hell she wants. After all, she didn't owe Ryan anything, but Ryan owed a lot to her. Still, he wouldn't just waste time watching her while she plays with Arthur.

"Do as you see fit, then," Ryan said. "When is the boss going to spawn?"

"Around 10 PM Hey, Ryan," Daniel hesitated. "What did you mean by"

Before Daniel could finish his question, Ryan activated Dash and Quick legs to get the hell out of there. Only Alissa was able to follow him with her eyes, but she only did that. At the moment, she was more interested in playing with Arthur.

"It looks like you were too slow again, Natalia," Tristan stepped forward and then said. "In any case, Ryan still is as straightforward as ever, huh."

"It can't be helped," Natalia said. "He is just like the wind, and he is quite unapproachable. Only people like Daniel and Mia who knows him for a very long time can deal with him and march at his pace."

"You guys know Ryan for a long time?" Alissa smirked while looking at Daniel.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1