Chapter 132: Multiple Dungeon Breaks

Chapter 132: Multiple Dungeon Breaks

Just as Ryan said, the boss's speed decreased considerably. To the point where even Ryan could cut him here and there thanks to the fact that Alissa was in the opposite directions and she was more robust. Thanks to it, the boss focused on her. Still, despite that, Ryan was the one who was causing more damage thanks to Bleed.

The boss jumped as high as he could in order to escape from them, and then he only stopped when he hit the ceiling and pierced it with his hand to use it as a support. He had underestimated Ryan's instincts and skills, both of them were inexperienced, but they had other talents to make up for that.

"Shit" The boss clenched his teeth. "I just need five more minutes."

It was clear that he wouldn't have those five minutes. Although his right feet were almost completely healed, the rest of his body was a mess due to the blood loss and the fact that recovery also was using the nutrients of his body to heal those wounds. In any case, Ryan equipped his bow again since he was tired of waiting, and he really didn't want to throw the Flame Sword as a projectile and risk give it to the boss a weapon.

In the end, the boss decided to go all out one last time, his defeat was already assured, and the dungeon won't break. Still, he will have other chances However, he couldn't let those two have other chances. Killing Alissa, who was tired, wasn't impossible, but it would very hard. On the other hand, crush Ryan was very plausible since they had low endurance.

The boss tensed his legs against the ceiling and then leaped toward Ryan. If he had the chance to sigh, Ryan would have done that, but he didn't. What the boss was thinking was so obvious that he couldn't help but feel disappointed. No the whole battle had been disappointing since it had been a battle of two against one. Alone and without potions, Ryan wouldn't be able to win, but since he wasn't alone, he managed to use some tactics that granted their victory.

Ryan didn't recover all his mana, but he had planned something that would grant him a massive boost of power in a single moment, and he wouldn't have to charge any attack. In the blink of an eye, he activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation on his head. Ryan felt his mana and magic powers growing, so he didn't hesitate and used Earth Manipulation. A five meters tall stalactite was raised from the ground, and the boss head straight to it. Although the beast tried to attack the object, he only hurt his fists and didn't stop the momentum. In the end, the monster was impaled from head to toe.

You obtained 7.500 coins.

"Dumbass That is what you get from having so little mentality," Ryan said and then fell on the ground since he was dizzy. "My head hurts so that is what happens when I use more mana than I should have."

"This was fun," Alissa sat on the ground, smiling. "As expected, defeating an enemy in a close battle while use tactics are much more rewarding than just overpowering them."

Ryan didn't share of the same opinion. As long as he defeats his enemies from far away and they are just about his strength, he wouldn't mind anything else. In any case, this time, the boss dropped something a bottle of blood it was the blood of another monster, and Ryan would be able to obtain a new race. Weirdly enough, his rank didn't increase after all that fighting.

"Well, now what should we do about this?" Ryan picked the bottle.

"You can have it," Alissa said. "Although we worked together and should share the rewards, I don't think Orgar will like to possess a body that has the blood of other species."

While that made sense, Ryan didn't want to owe Alissa any other favors, so he offered a handshake gave her the coins he just obtained. Even Alissa knew that arguing wouldn't change anything at this point in time, and Ryan was stubborn as a mule.

Ice Fox' Blood.

It grants you the following skills: Frozen Arrow, Water Manipulation, Icebound.

"Mmm I don't know if I should feel thankful or not since Water Manipulation would cost me one hundred thousand coins. Still, I wanted something more useful for my fighting style like Elves' blood well, whatever."

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Frozen Arrow.

Summon and fire a Frozen Arrow without having to use a bow. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity plus your intelligence + 20%.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Water Manipulation.

It grants you the power to manipulate the water element.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Icebound.

It increases by one percent your recovery while fighting in cold terrains.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, it made sense that Ryan obtained Water Manipulation. After all, he would only be able to use and level up Icebound in extremely rare situations. Still, considering that Ryan would have to choose a new class as well, things were proceeding extremely favorably to him. However, before he or Alissa could open the treasure chest, the entire dungeon began to tremble no, the entire world trembled.

"It is happening," Alissa said.

The dungeon breaks were happening at that very moment. In the end, Ryan didn't think too much about it. After all, after that fighting where he had such a hard time even while fighting alongside Alissa, he understood that he was only a weak human. There was no way that he alone could have prevented that disaster or decreased the damage caused. The only thing he could do was to prevent a few dungeons from breaking. It was a bit annoying, but it was the absolute truth... at least for the time being.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1