Chapter 139: Forced Dungeon Break

Chapter 139: Forced Dungeon Break

Ryan ran as fast as possible toward the slime's dungeon. However, in the end, he regretted that choice a little. Although Daniel and the others were annoying, as long as he stays there, Alissa wouldn't do anything to anger Ryan even further, but now she was free to ask all sorts of questions and read the people's minds when she doesn't get as much information as she wants.

"Whatever, it is not like I am letting my past control my life well, in a sense, it is controlling my life since I am using the things that I learned. Regardless, I just have to endure her presence for a while longer. Let's just hope she won't be any more annoying than she already is after this. I don't Orgar all that much, but he probably also works like the logical side of her brain."

It looked like Daniel had a problem to deal with. At least he looked like that was the case after hearing about the dungeon breaks. While Ryan was a bit interested, he decided to do his own things instead of worrying about someone else's problems. In any case, Ryan didn't imagine he would be able to test that thing he thought previously so soon to cause dungeon breaks and use the high number of monsters to train his skills.

"Let's just hope that this won't turn out to be a massive waste of time or that I will cause a disaster Now that I think about it I wonder if the dungeon breaks only have the purpose of making a massive number of enemies roam around the planet. I guess that is something I will only discover once I become a dungeon master or a dungeon boss, whatever the hell I will be after exterminating all the monsters of an enemy planet."

Previously, Ryan had to travel for three hours on a motorcycle to go from the slime's dungeon to Shreveport, but with his current speed, Ryan reached his destination after just half an hour. That being said, moving that fast wasn't easy for his body. Thanks to the friction, even small particles of dust could harm his body. So, Ryan had to run while protecting his head, and he also had to heal his body now and then.

Slime  Lv 20

Health: 80/80

Mana: 80/80

Stamina: 80/80

Strength: 15

Dexterity: 15

Speed: 15

Intelligence: 15

Endurance: 15

Control: 15

Mentality: 15

Luck: 15

Recovery: 15

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Earth Arrow Lv 15, Water Blade Lv 15, Wind Arrow Lv 15, Fireball Lv 15

Support Skills:

"Those dumbasses." Ryan sighed. "They decided not to guard the dungeon. I can understand that not many people would feel satisfied in fighting slimes since they give few coins, but I guess this is convenient to me."

Still, that was convenient for Ryan. He wouldn't have to explain anything to anyone, and he wouldn't have to worry about anyone bothering him. Without wasting any more time, Ryan killed the slimes with his Flame Arrows. However, he got some surprises.

You received 03 coins.

You received 03 coins.

You received 03 coins.

"Mmm? I am pretty sure they were supposed to give only one coin maybe the rewards increase with their level That reminds me, I need to test that as well."

Instead of attacking, Ryan let the slimes attacking him first. The first slime fired an Earth Arrow, but unlike the first time, Ryan managed to see the projectile flying in a straight line toward his head. He used the palm of his head to stop the attack alongside Earth Manipulation. However, even though he tried to be as fast as possible, Ryan didn't obtain total control over the arrow before it wounded his left hand a little bit.

"As I suspected, it is possible, but I need a lot more practice to completely stop the magic attacks of my foes. Maybe I need more speed to increase my reaction time or perhaps control. It is hard to know"

Ryan wouldn't have the chance to train that 'skill' once he causes the dungeon break, so he decided to train it as much as possible before fighting the boss. Little by little, he was getting the hang of the timing, and he was also getting better at it. However, Ryan couldn't manipulate anything before touching. The sole exception was fire magic since he could control the fire after feeling the flames' heat with his body. Still, at the same time, he could only do it when he was already suffering some damage due to the heat.

"This will be useful, but it will take a long time to master and pull it off just by thinking and without concentrating too much in any case, I can't take my time here to master just this technique. Besides, those elemental manipulations need to level up a lot more as well."

Without wasting any more time, Ryan decided to face the boss. However, the poor creature was so weak that it didn't even last four seconds of a concentrated Power Shot. Ryan didn't even waste his time checking the treasure chest or for drops. From a certain distance, he just shot a single arrow toward the purple crystal. As expected, the crystal didn't break, but the very moment it was hit, the entire dungeon began to tremble, and dozens of slimes began to spawn every single second.

"I don't think this is good" Ryan forced a smile and then began to fire his Flame Arrows.

Like a machine gun, Ryan attacked, and his mana was also being recovered faster than he could use. Despite that, the number of slimes wasn't decreasing. In fact, after just ten seconds, the entire last room of the dungeon was filled with slimes, one above the other, and like a disgusting tsunami, they began to move toward Ryan. Although he had imagined that something like that would happen, imagine and see the real thing from so up close were two very different things.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1