Chapter 133: Class: Archer

Chapter 133: Class: Archer

Although the number of problems increased exponentially now that dozens of bosses of who knows how many dungeons will wander around the earth, Ryan couldn't waste any time thinking about it because thinking about it wouldn't solve anything. So, he did the only thing he could do.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guard, Archer, and Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Good, even though I forgot to increase my luck, it looks like things are going on my way for once. From now on, whenever possible, I will choose classes that are related to the use of long-ranged weapons. I got satisfied since I could fight and defeat vast numbers of small fries, but there are creatures out there that are way out of my league. I can't relax until I obtain the power to defeat them alone.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Brute Arrow, Arrow Shower, and Quick Legs.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Brute Arrow.

Effect: Increases the power of your arrows by ten percent and pushes the enemy away. The lighter the target, the larger the distance they will move.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Arrow Shower.

Effect: You can shoot an arrow upward, and several smaller magic arrows will rain over your foe. The damage will be equal to your dexterity + intelligence /2.

Cost: 20 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Quick Legs.

Effect: It increases your speed by five points per level while the skill is active.

Cost: 05 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Good, with this new class, my growth will increase considerably even though I am not leveling up the hunter class that frequently. Besides, even though it is disastrous, those dungeon breaks are a good opportunity for me."

0he wouldn't be benefited in the slightest with those dungeon breaks. However, he still had to consider what Alissa was planning to do.

"Our job here is done," Alissa declared. "Let's leave this place."

"Aren't you going to investigate the other world?" Ryan asked.

"Those guys weren't older than the demons. Apparently, their planet became of this game a few years ago while the demons have been doing this for hundreds of years," Alissa explained. "The chances of them knowing anything are close to none."

That made sense. Still, Ryan didn't expect that Orgar wouldn't at least investigate things on the other side a little bit. He probably didn't want to look desperate for information. In any case, usually, Alissa would declare their next move, but she stayed silent about it for some reason. Instead of that, she stopped at the dungeon shop to buy something.

"Would you mind if I buy a crossbow? The one you used it before?" Alissa asked.

" Why would you want that?" Ryan asked after his eyebrows twitched a little.

"Well, it seems like fun firing those bolts non-stop," Alissa forced a smile. "Besides, I think I need to train my aim. Also, I don't want to be useless after I get tired even when my mana and stamina are completely full."

It would be useless to use a bow with her mind exhausted, but Ryan didn't have any real reason to go against her. They were working together for the time being, but they didn't have to tell each other what to do.

"Whatever, what you decide to do isn't my business," Ryan said and then decided to check the shop as well.

Earth and Fire Manipulation proved themselves to be much more useful than expected, so Ryan had many expectations from Water Manipulation as well. Still, that was somewhat a problem since he would need mana to train all those skills. Considering that he couldn't find any other bow stronger than his current one, Ryan's only option left was to buy another tome or buy better rings to increase his recovery. Although there was another ring that was the upgraded version of the ones he was currently using it. However, there were no other rings better than those, and their price was ten thousand coins.

"It would be nice if I could use more than one ring per finger and still get their effects, but that isn't possible," Ryan muttered. "Oh, well I will need more mana to train those three skills, after all. So, I don't have any other choice."

Gold Ring of the Immortal

Effect: Increases the user's recovery by twenty points.

Durability: 25/25

"Well now I just have to increase my recovery ten times, and I will have two hands forever."

Class: Hunter Lv 27 / Elementalist Lv 25/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 812th

Health: 75/140 (1/s)

Mana: 150 /250 (1/s)

Stamina: 96/170 (1/s)

Strength: 10 (+32) (+30)

Dexterity: 360 (+87) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+53) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+79) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+10) (+61)

Control: 06 (+67) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 174 (+227) (+200)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 66.350

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Brute Arrow Lv 01, Arrow Shower Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Rage Lv 10 (+5 UP), Swordsmanship Lv 17 (+5 UP), Shield Mastery Lv 15 (+5 UP), Passive Recovery Lv 20 (+2 UP), Bronze Skin Lv 10 (+5 UP), Bleed Lv 20 (+2 UP),

Spells: Strong Arms Lv 15 (+3 UP), Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 13 (+5 UP), Earth Manipulation Lv 23 (+4 UP), Frozen Arrow Lv 01, Water Manipulation Lv 01, Quick Legs Lv 01,

Support Skills: Ice Bound Lv 01,

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 16, Beastmaster Lv 06, Archer Lv 01,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 06,

It seemed like an unrealistic goal but considering that one month ago, Ryan had no magical powers and his skill with the bow was just a bit above average, everything might happen given the right amount of time.

In any case, Ryan finished his business only to see Alissa playing with the crossbows. Her mana and recovery were so high that she could afford to fire an unlimited number of projectiles without worrying about anything. As if that wasn't unfair enough, the projectiles could pass through several layers of stone. It was as amazing as it was noisy.

"This is so fun," Alissa said with a giant smile on her face.

"I thought that this was a silly idea, but now that I saw the results, it is a pretty convenient way to get used to my mana without tiring yourself out and wasting energy."

Ryan didn't have the right to be the only person in the world who uses bows and crossbows, but he felt really annoyed whenever he saw someone with one. He got even more annoyed at those who didn't practice as much as him, like Alissa.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1