Chapter 130: Battle For Survival

Chapter 130: Battle for Survival

Ryan obtained a lot of loot and coins thanks to the previous battle, but he didn't feel like a winner or as if he had hit the jackpot. If anything, he felt like he had eaten the worst meal of his life. This disturbing taste in his mouth wasn't going away. Regardless, the dungeon was about to break, so Ryan had other problems to worry about. Just when Ryan was about to enter the dungeon, Alissa suddenly appeared.

"It looked like some serious shit happened here," Alissa said while she was landing. "You didn't give me any sign, so I was forced to come and check things since the dungeons are about to break. By the way, when they saw me, the survivors in the area began to run away in all directions. They are probably going to leave the city."

"Is that so?" Ryan said without looking much interested in the subject. "Anyway, it looks like the boss of this dungeon isn't an ordinary monster. So, if you want to check this as fast as possible, we have to hurry."

"While it seems fun to experience a dungeon break, I am here to help Orgar," Alissa said. "So, let's talk to the boss and clear this dungeon."

Although Ryan wasn't much excited to keep fighting, and that was pretty rare for his usual behavior, he still kept killing the monsters. Despite everything, he didn't forget the humiliation he suffered when they talked to Baal. He had been treated like a worm, and he didn't have the chance to do anything to prove otherwise. Still, with so many thoughts in his mind, he forgot to prepare himself for the battle, and he didn't buy a single potion. Ryan didn't even use a single coin, even though he had more than 150.000 coins after all that killing.

Regardless, since they hurried, Ryan and Alissa arrived at the end of the dungeon pretty fast, and Ryan finally discovered why Chloe felt like abandoning the city instead of facing the boss one last time. The boss was like the other monsters, but he was like two times taller and larger. That was more than enough to prove that he was several times strong, but the fact that really impressed me was that he was sitting cross-legged, and it was meditating. When they arrived, the monster opened its eyes, but unlike the demons' dungeon's boss, he didn't lose the will to fight after noticing the difference in power between him and Alissa.

Berserk Lionel - Lv 60

Health: 5.000 /5.000

Mana: 3.000/3.000

Stamina: 6.000/6.000

Strength: 1250 (+200)

Dexterity: 750 (+140)

Speed: 1500 (+260)

Intelligence: 250 (+100)

Endurance: 2750 (+350)

Control: 600 (+120)

Mentality: 450

Luck: 250 (+50)

Recovery: 1600 (+200)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Pain Resistance Lv 150

Spells: Strong Arms Lv 120

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100

The boss was even stronger than Ryan imagined. In the end, a boss with such statuses was the worst type of enemy against humans who still were getting the hang of the system. With that endurance and recovery, not even Ryan would be able to take him down fast enough.

"I sensed the smell of blood coming from outside," The boss said. "To think that the cause of it would be two humans and the spirit of the dragon. Your race has gone mad much faster than I predicted."

The cause had been a single human, but Ryan didn't feel like talking, much less correcting the monster. The creature got up, but before the fighting could start. Alissa increased the gravity around the monster, locking him in that place.

"Before we fight, why don't you answer some questions?" Alissa asked. "We don't know if I will be able to hold back or if in the very end, you still will be able to talk, after all."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that" The boss said. "But sure, why don't you say the questions you have in mind. Then, I might understand why a dragon sided with a human."

The boss looked pretty confident, and that didn't feel like a bluff to annoy Alissa and Orgar. For some reason, Ryan's instincts were telling him that the battle would be heard, even though Alissa had the upper hand in terms of raw power. In any case, Alissa asked about what the monster knew regarding dragons. Unfortunately, he didn't know anything that they didn't already know. The only thing new was that apparently, to be able to control a dungeon and the purple crystal, the inhabitants of a planet had to exterminate at least all the monsters or creatures that attacked their world. The berserk lionels had two planets under their control, but they are still being invaded by other monsters, even by dragons.

"I see so you are a low-life that decides to attack other planets even knowing the hardships a certain species has to endure while being attacked by monsters from all sides," Ryan said. "Perhaps I should exterminate all the inhabitants of your world and then earn the right to be the owner of a dungeon."

"You can try, but I don't think you will succeed," The boss said. "Besides, would things be different we hadn't attacked your planet? I don't think so. This is a battle for survival, and one has to do anything to ensure the survival of their species."

That argument was sound, and that made Ryan question if there was some sort of advantage in owning a dungeon to attack other planets. Considering the boss's words, Ryan felt that there was, so his interest was increasing, but he would have to work quite a bit to eliminate all the creatures of any monster, even if they were only slimes. However, Ryan was determined to try. At that point in time, he knew too little about the system, so he had to do everything possible to obtain the intel that only those troublesome creatures had... even if he had to become like them in some aspects.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1