Chapter 142: Unreasonable Request

Chapter 142: Unreasonable Request

"I must admit," Ryan said. "You have nerves of steel and the tenacity of a cockroach. It doesn't matter how many times I tell you to fuck off. You always return to piss me off. You are not starting to like this, are you?"

"My stubbornness is one of the few virtues that I have, after all," Daniel said.

"Who said that could be considered a virtue?" Ryan frowned.

"Seriously, Ryan," Daniel said. "Alissa is really a dragon? I am starting to believe that is the case since the dragon we saw earlier seemed like the one who caught you after you killed the red dragon."

Ryan didn't want to talk, but Daniel was annoying to the point where only harsh words wouldn't make him stop. So, Ryan decided to annoy him as well by forcing him to lose coins if he wants to get some answers. It was time to rip off some idiots.

"One hundred coins," Ryan said.

"What?" Daniel frowned.

"The answer to your question will cost you one hundred coins," Ryan replied.

Strangely enough, Daniel gave Ryan the coins. Either he had a lot, or Ryan just asked for too little. Regardless, Ryan wouldn't do the same mistake again. Still, he had to keep his words, even to Daniel.

"She is that dragon that you saw after I killed the red dragon," Ryan explained. "I am only with her now because I owe her a little bit, and I still have to help her for a while longer, or until she finds the answer, she is looking for."

Which is?" Daniel asked.

"That will cost you three hundred coins," Ryan replied.

"She is looking for three hundred coins?" Daniel frowned again.

" The answer to that question will cost you three hundred coins," Ryan said. "I fought goblins smarter than you."

Once again, Daniel paid the coins. At that point in time, it was obvious that Ryan was selling information. While the free coins weren't so bad, he wasn't feeling good since he had to talk with Daniel. That was a sign that Ryan still was immature since he couldn't put his feelings aside while he was doing business.

"The dragon inside her wants to know why dragons are the only creatures that were teleported to other planets without the use of the crystal," Ryan said, trying to end the conversation there.

"I can't even imagine where you will find the answer to that question" Daniel said, a bit surprised. "Can you tell me what are you guys exactly doing to find that answer?"

"Five hundred coins," Ryan said.

"Man you sure are greedy," Daniel sighed. "All the coins that I worked hard to save are quickly disappearing."

That gave Ryan an odd sense of satisfaction, but Daniel still paid for the answer. Ryan should have asked for more because the answer to that question was very long. For the time being, humans didn't have to worry about Baal, but eventually, if the human race survives the effects of those dungeon breaks, they will have to deal with the demons.

"Baal seriously?" Daniel asked with a pale expression. "From the game and from the myths?"

"I don't know if the demon has any relation with the games or with the myths," Ryan replied. "All that I know is that he is damn powerful. Enough to take down more than a few dragons alone, and that his boss is called Lucifer Morningstar."

"Oh, crap this is really bad," Daniel said. "Still, I am thankful for getting some answers from you. We tried to talk with Alissa, but she ignored our questions and never stopped asking things about us. Although we didn't answer any of them, she never stopped asking more."

Ryan facepalmed. Alissa did the exact way Ryan had imagined she would. Regardless, what was done was done, and something like that was practical. Even without asking things, she would read the others' minds, and little by little would discover more about Ryan. That was annoying as hell, but Ryan doubted that she would have the nerve to use that knowledge against him. Besides, warning them about her powers would be completely useless. Mind reading was that useful, after all.

"About the things that you learned and about the location of the dungeons," Daniel said. "How much are you going to ask for them?"

"One thousand coins for each piece of information," Ryan said. "If you don't have it, go look for someone who has at least ten thousand coins. This isn't up for debate since I already gave you guys too much information for free. Don't even try to bargain since this kind of information comes with the cost of my life."

"All right, I will solve this problem by morning," Daniel said, and then he left.

Ryan finally had some time to rest and have some peace of mind. Still, he couldn't quite relax since so many tents with strangers were around him. Although he was the stranger in the camp, only that didn't make him feel less uncomfortable. Regardless, he only needed to endure that for a while longer, and then he and Alissa will leave Shreveport. The problem with Arthur wasn't solved yet, but Ryan was confident that after his warning, the camp wouldn't fall by the dragons' attacks so easily.

In any case, now that he had some peace of mind, Ryan noticed that he didn't see Angela and Holland around. If they had caused some problem, Daniel would have mentioned them. Still, not knowing what happened to them was a bit annoying since he was the one who gave them the information about the camp.

It took a while, but eventually, Ryan managed to fall asleep and have a good night's rest. However, a massive headache was waiting for him when he woke up. Alissa left the tent while holding Arthur in her arms, and she said to him that they should take him with them. That girl has finally done it...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1