Chapter 146: Foolishness

Chapter 146: Foolishness

"I guess humans don't need to be careful inside those," Ryan said while he was watching the tanks hitting the frogs and passing over them. "At least against this type of enemy."

Alissa and Ryan tried to finish the monsters quietly, and they killed more than one thousand without warning any of them. However, the tanks were so noisy that all the frogs in the area were moving toward the tanks. Still, Ryan couldn't see the tanks being stopped. After all, the best weapon of the frogs was their poison.

"Something is off" Alissa said. "I feel kind of weird."

"It is because you are being watched from above. Those things made by human hands are watching you, and I am guessing this isn't the first time."

"We are being watched by satellites?" Ryan asked, surprised. "This isn't good it looks like some troublesome humans known about your draconic powers."

"I can't see how that is a problem, but it is a bit annoying," Alissa said.

Alissa lacked the imagination to see how troublesome things could get with her existence as the center. Regardless, that was something they would have to deal with, and now they were being watched by satellites, Ryan couldn't do anything about it.

"Whatever, I can't let them get all the coins and drops for themselves," Ryan said and then began to run to approach the dungeon and the battle.

When Ryan got close enough, he used Arrow Shower. It didn't kill the monsters as fast as it did with the slimes, but thanks to Alissa's support, he didn't have to worry about running out of mana. In any case, whoever was driving the tanks, at least, was smart enough not to use their cannons. Otherwise, their presence would be revealed to the other monsters on the other sides of the city.

Surprisingly, the battle didn't last that long, even against forty or so bosses. Apparently, only the monsters that were spawned thanks to the dungeon breaks stayed around the dungeon while all the others spread around the country. Truth to be told, Ryan didn't know if that was bad or good.

"What should we do?" Alissa asked. "I want to complain to those guys' boss for a violation of my privacy."

Ryan frowned as if someone had the leisure to worry about that kind of thing in a war against countless species of monsters. In any case, Ryan was quite interested as to why he didn't see any sign of the army in three months. Those who were police officers probably couldn't do much and probably had to hid their identities since ordinary people would demand to be protected by them. Only idiots like Cole and his friends would blatantly say that they were cops.

"Let's clear the dungeon and move on after checking the drops," Ryan said. "We don't have anything to do with the army, and we have our own business here."

Although Ryan killed a lot of monsters, even more than the ten or so tanks, he only picked the small ores and things like rings that could increase statuses since he didn't have a big backpack, and he didn't want to hear Alissa complain that she was being treated like a truck or something.

Silently, Alissa and Ryan approached the dungeon, but then one of the tanks blocked their way. Ryan sighed to think that things would go that way, he felt more and more compelled not to work with humans in the future.

"This dungeon is a property of the United States of America," A tall and muscular man said after leaving the tank. "As such, its control and use are completely under the control of the government. We can't let you use it for a while."

"You are joking, right?" Ryan asked.

"Do I look like someone who tells jokes, young man?" The man said after stepping forward and looking at Ryan from above since he was pretty tall.

"No, you don't look like someone who tells jokes, old man," Ryan said. "At least not the funny ones."

The man wearing a military uniform and several symbols and medals that Ryan had not a single idea of they each represented glared at him after his eyebrows twitched. Ryan had planned to be courteous enough since those guys helped him and saved him a lot of time, but there was no point in going too far if he was planning to demand some unreasonable things.

"We arrived here first, and you only attacked after confirming that we decreased the monsters' forces by half," Alissa said. "You have no right to claim anything."

"I have no idea what you are talking about, young lady," The man said. "We are in times of war, and citizens like yourselves need to listen to certain authorities if you want to survive."

Alissa frowned, and at the same time, the other soldiers in the other tanks left their position and stayed behind the tall man. All of them were heavily armed, and Alissa could also sense a weird smell coming from all of them. Alissa just raised her right arm a little, and then twenty-soldiers pointed their guns at her.

"You guys are pretty cautious of this young lady," Ryan said. "I wonder why? Does she look dangerous to you? It is almost like you knew she could do something dangerous just by moving her arm."

That was a huge farce, but Ryan and Alissa couldn't just play on those guys' hands. Brute strength was enough to deal with monsters, but not when the foes were other humans. Killing them would be easy, but they shouldn't do it even if they have a good reason because they are supposed to be working for the country.

"Careful, now," The tall man said. "I am a high-ranked officer of the country. Harming my soldiers and me can be considered an act of treason and terrorism, and in times like this, every single people close to terrorists won't be treated well."

Ryan got the message, if they do anything to those guys, they will be treated like terrorists, and so were the people who were even just a bit closer to them. In the end, things became clear as the day, it was unreasonable, but that guy was working for someone who wanted Shreveport and perhaps even Alissa's power. His blood began to boil, imagining what could happen if someone close to that guy decides to attack the survivors there what would happen to Arthur? Before Ryan could think or do anything. Alissa created a magic barrier and sealed herself and those guys inside it.

"This idiot" Ryan sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1