Chapter 149: Last Warning

Chapter 149: Last Warning

"Don't forget what I said, Alissa," Ryan said. "If you become an enemy of the big guns of this country, I won't let you get close to Arthur again."

"You don't have to repeat it," Alissa said, a bit annoyed. "I know that already."

Against that number of snipers, it doesn't matter what they try to do. They will get hit by bullets or by paralyzing darts since that floor was only five meters tall. Still, for some reason, the snipers didn't attack first. They were waiting for something

"Hello, everyone," Ryan said with a smile on his face. "Can you guys bring the people who are the leaders of this place? We came to negotiate. As you know, if this girl wanted, she could have exploded this place completely, but instead of that, she used the doors in a certain sense."

It looked like Ryan's social skills rusted a lot in the last weeks because the snipers didn't even flinch at his words. Now that he thought about it, only weirdoes and suspicious people would try to be friendly in a moment like that.

"I don't have time for this shit," Alissa said.

"Hey, what are you planning to" Ryan said.

Alissa suddenly opened her mouth, and then that same gas that knocked her out filled that massive room in just a few seconds. The snipers tried to attack, but this time Alissa made sure to create a magic barrier where she would stay on the outside. In the blink of an eye, three hundred snipers were knocked out. Having such convenient power was pretty boring, but it was pretty convenient because alone, Ryan couldn't imagine any other way of solving things without killing everyone.

"Let's hurry," Alissa said. "When I read that guy's mind, I learned that they don't have many soldiers here. We just knocked out most of them. Still, the leader of this place has an escape route, and he is probably going to use it."

Alissa hurried ahead since she couldn't let that chance go away, Ryan had no idea what she was planning to do going ahead and alone, but he already gave his warning twice. If despite that, she still messes up, then it wouldn't be his problem.

The underground base was pretty big, much bigger than the golf field. There was a small town above it, but it probably had been built as a disguise. The number of bedrooms, warehouses, training rooms was pretty big. Ryan could even feel the presence of the families of the soldiers Alissa just knocked out.

After running for quite a while, Ryan heard the sound of something pretty massive opening. On the last part of the massive secret base, Ryan found a parking lot that was filled with choppers and those high-tech airplanes used by the air force. Ryan found one of those choppers being piloted by a grey-haired old man, but Alissa was preventing the chopper from flying with a single hand. He was probably the leader of the place.

It was quite the sight to see a golf field opening just give room for aircraft to fly. Still, Ryan couldn't help but sigh. That was a pretty decent base, but the number of people there was relatively small, and they were crazy enough to try to go against a dragon in order to do who knows what. In the end, the old man gave up since he knew very well what Alissa was capable of. Regardless, at the very least, he had the decency of not begging for his life in front of the might of a dragon. He just waited for the inevitable

"You were the one who threatened my little Arthur and me, right?" Alissa asked. "If you do that again no, if you even think about it, you will regret it."

After saying that, she touched the old man's forehead and used some spell. What she did was impossible to know, and she didn't explain either, but at the very least, the glint on the old man's eyes proved that he understood the message.

"My name is Ryan," Ryan said. "What is your name and rank?"

"I am Colonel Mark Hughes, the man in command of this base," The old man who was wearing clothes as if he was on vacation in Hawaii said. "Why are you trying to be so polite now after all you did with my men?"

"They are alive, and well, so I think I held back pretty well considering that you tried to knock us out to do who knows what," Ryan replied. "Regardless, my father served in the army, so I have some respect for you and the others who are still serving in times like these. As such, I am willing to forget what you did if you give me some information."

"If it is a secret of the country, I don't intend to reveal anything," The colonel said.

"Do you know who nuked Dallas?" Ryan asked. "Do you know who nuked the other cities of our country?"

Although the colonel stayed silent, it was useless since Alissa could read his mind. Ryan looked at her, but she just shook her head. He didn't know anything, or he was completely unrelated to everything that happened. Honestly, Ryan felt good after learning because he didn't know what he would do when he finds the bastard who pushed the button. Dallas was just another city to Ryan, but the fact that his parents' grave was nuked was something he couldn't forgive.

"Well, that is all," Ryan said. "Don't do something against the idiots or against us on Shreveport. Also, after we clear the dungeons around Indianapolis, you can do whatever you want with them."

Class: Hunter Lv 33 / Elementalist Lv 30/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 785th

Health: 204/217 (1.32/s)

Mana: 371/412 (1.32/s)

Stamina: 265/283 (1.32/s)

Strength: 10 (+39) (+60)

Dexterity: 421 (+184) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+99) (+23)

Intelligence: 09 (+107) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+15) (+61)

Control: 06 (+140) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+5)

Luck: 30

Recovery: 290 (+292) (+200)

Willpower: 09 (+5)

Coins: 39.550

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Arrow Shower Lv 30 (+ 5 UP), Extra Jump Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Precision Lv 33 (+ 4 UP), Art of Sniping Lv 34 (+ 5 UP), Magnet Lv 21 (+ 3 UP), Passive Recovery Lv 26 (+ 3 UP), Bleed Lv 26 (+ 3 UP), Focus Lv 0 (+ 4 UP), Morale Lv 08 (+ 4 UP), Sprinter Lv 01

Spells: Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 24 (+ 2 UP)

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 27, Beastmaster Lv 06, Archer Lv 19, Mercenary Lv 05,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 11, Trickster Lv 01,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1