Chapter 148: Class: Trickster

Chapter 148: Class: Trickster

In the end, Ryan and Alissa couldn't just leave the soldiers behind while they clear the dungeon, and they couldn't go separately as well. So, Alissa made sure to lock them in some spheres of earth and then rolled the spheres toward the dungeon. That was probably a not place to sleep, but Ryan didn't feel any pity, they tried to kill or at least put him to sleep to do who knows what. Besides, he certainly wouldn't bring them to the boss room after they tried to knock them out.

Regardless, clearing the dungeon went as smoothly as always. The boss was basically a big frog that could spit a lot of poison, but it didn't do anything against Ryan and Alissa since the creature was slow. Training his Poison Resistance could wait, so Ryan hurried to finish off the creature.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Viking, Trickster, and Teacher.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two new classes Viking I already saw before, and Teacher seems interesting, but I won't bet this time either. Besides, the name Trickster is also quite fascinating."

Ryan thought that while he was smiling. Considering that Viking was a class that he saw when he obtained a basic class, he wasn't expecting much from Trickster, and yet, Ryan could feel that his class wasn't going to disappoint him.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Trickster!

You obtained the following skills: Extra Leap, Flash, and Sprinter.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Extra Leap.

Effect: It grants you the chance to use jump in mid-air.

Cost: 20 mana and 20 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Flash.

Effect: It grants you the power to move instantly to a place in your field of vision. The distance will be the level of the skill in meters.

Cost: 50 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sprinter.

Effect: It passively increases your speed by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

As expected, Ryan got very surprised with the skills he obtained a bit too surprised in the face thanks to their usefulness and their crazy cost. Flash was amazing. It was basically a teleportation, but the range sucked, and training that skill will take a long while due to the price.

"Now what should we do with those guys outside?" Alissa asked.

"We can't exactly ignore them since they have their eyes on Shreveport and on us," Ryan said. "We also can't cause too many problems since, for the good or the worse, they are a part of what is left of the government of this country. Regardless, they tried to capture you, and they threatened Shreveport, so I guess we can get some answers from their boss."

"Excellent an idea!" Alissa hit her fists. "I will give a piece of my mind to the asshole who threatened my little cute Arthur."

Ryan didn't want to ask when Arthur became her property since that would become a huge pain in the ass. Still, in comparison with what they were about to do, it looked like a small problem.

"We will have to interrogate them when they wake up," Alissa said. "I flew for quite a while over this country, and I have been in this area before, but I don't remember seeing anything close to a military base."

It was a secret base it was only obvious since most dragons had good instincts, and they knew what they should destroy. Only a hidden base would survive the first attack since they couldn't evaluate something that they couldn't see.

"Anyway, if you don't want to waste any more time, you should try to cancel the gas inside their bodies," Ryan said. "After all, if it weren't for Orgar, you would still be sleeping right now."

Alissa was forced to use some purification spell, and after a while, the soldiers and agents began to wake up. Torture was completely unnecessary when the interrogator could read minds, so Alissa just asked once how she could reach their base. The tall man just looked away and waited for the torture that never came.

"I got it," Alissa said. "Let's go."

After turning into a dragon, Alissa freed those guys, and without wasting any more time, Ryan and she left for the secret military base. Surprisingly enough, the base was hidden beneath a golf field ten kilometers away from there. As weird as that sounded, the entrance for those who worked and now lived inside that base was what once had been a pet shop. After looking for a while, Alissa found a hidden door that had an electronic lock. With a single punch, she broke everything and revealed a staircase that would lead them underground.

"I am glad to see that our taxes were used to build cool places like this," Ryan said.

Faster than they had imagined, Ryan and Alissa began to hear the tanks approach. However, they ignored them since they couldn't attack them while they were so close to the base. Ryan and Alissa found several other massive locks along the way, but as usual, Alissa broke everything. Locks had no meaning against her even two meters thick iron walls were useless against her in her human form.

After a while, they finally found the base at least a massive room which the soldiers used to train their marksmanship, and there they found hundreds of snipers pointing their weapons at them. As expected, they were trying to mess with a nest of some troublesome bees.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1