Chapter 145: Paralyzing Spear

Chapter 145: Paralyzing Spear

After nonchalantly killing the monsters who were hundreds of kilometers away from him, Ryan finally understood how powerful he had become. Although he had to stop now and then since he emptied his mana, he didn't miss a single time, and his arrows flew so fast that the monsters didn't even have the chance to react. With a bow and without a scope, he probably was at the level of the best snipers in the world. To progress so much in a single month, it was as impressive as it was scary. Still, Ryan felt pretty good about that.

"Well, I guess this is what humans can do. Can they pursue a single goal without caring about anything else? Even though I didn't do exactly that all the time, I still gained a lot by changing my focus now and then."

"This is taking too long," Alissa said. "I will transfer some of my mana to you. That way, you will use more skills and slay them faster."

"You can transfer mana to other living beings?" Ryan frowned.

"Of course," Alissa said. "If you obtain the class that is the upgraded version of Sage, you will be able to do that too."

Although it was weird, that made sense. After all, Archer was like the upgraded version of Hunter. Not only that, the status he gained by each level up was two times better than the hunter class.

"No, I don't need your help," Ryan said. "Besides, we don't need to hurry. Once you fill your belly, our pace will increase many times more, after all."

"Seriously," Alissa sighed. "Didn't you say that you would leave all the decisions about our mission to me?"

Ryan grunted in annoyance. Although he did say that in the heat of the moment and to make it clear that they wouldn't take Arthur anywhere, he couldn't just go back on his word now for the sake of convenience. In the end, Ryan was forced to obey Alissa. Regardless, he made a mental note to watch out for his words in the future.

"She is probably doing this to make sure that we will clear this area in the next three days, so I guess it is fine."

In any case, even though Alissa was helping him with mana, Ryan had to work for some time since, despite his long-range, he still needed some time to aim. That was probably one of the things he needed to work with. A slow sniper wasn't that efficient, after all.

After a while, Ryan noticed that he couldn't see any other monster in the area close to the poisonous frog's dungeon. That was weird, given that three dungeons broke in areas very close by. Maybe despite the high numbers, the monsters didn't want to challenge each other near their territories since the bosses always stayed close to the dungeon. Instead of fighting each other and decreasing their numbers, even without an agreement between them, the monsters felt better just by keeping their forces spawning endlessly.

"I guess this is one of the things I will only understand once I obtain the chance to create a dungeon on another planet."

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 800 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 798th

You obtained Paralyzing Spear.

While Ryan was busy thinking, he received a notification that he didn't receive in a while. Still, he couldn't help but smile when he saw that. Not because of his position, but because of his reward. Even without analyzing the weapon, he knew it was on par with his Flame Sword, a weapon that a dragon dropped.

Paralyzing Spear

Effect: It electrocutes the foe upon contact. The electric damage is equal to your intelligence per second. Strength + 30, Speed + 20

Durability: 60/60

The yellow spear was like a modified version of his sword, and of course, it was more appropriate to be used as a thrown weapon than the sword. It was quite weird that he would feel that satisfied after receiving something thanks to his luck, but Ryan couldn't negate that he was in a good mood.

"It is time to level up my Wind Manipulation seriously. With wind, it will be harder, or at least it will take some time for my foes to see what I am doing."

To do some tests, Ryan decided to control his Flame Sword with the wind around. After throwing, the sword would burn everything it was touching for five seconds, but while Ryan had some wind around the weapon, the effect didn't end after five seconds. It was perfect.

"Do you want to make a collection of weapons with cool effects or something?" Alissa asked. "I can help you with that."

"That is not necessary," Ryan said. "I won't feel satisfied in obtaining weapons without working hard to get them."

Congratulations! The skill Spearmanship has leveled up.

Spearmanship Lv 5  Lv 6

Effect: Increases damage when using spears and lances by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan got caught off guard by receiving that notification, but after thinking for a while, it made sense since he was controlling the spear directly with his Wind Manipulation. Now Ryan had one more reason to keep improving that weird fighting style of his. Still, he sticks with his bow and arrow for the mission for the sake of convenience and speed. After six hours of hunting, they finally dealt with the monsters that were one kilometer away from the dungeon. So, it was time to challenge the bosses. However, before that could happen, he suddenly heard the sound of something noisy and heavy approach. Ryan thought were the golems for a moment, but the sound was too rhythmic to be them. Besides, the noise was coming from the south. After he jumped to see things from a better angle, Ryan saw several tanks heading to the dungeon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1