Chapter 144: Next Destination

Chapter 144: Next Destination

In the end, as silly as that sounded, Alissa decided that she would have a day off every three days. Ryan sighed because her sole goal was to have an excuse to see Arthur. With the world ending due to the invasion of monsters, any sane person wouldn't decide or have the leisure to have a day off. Regardless, she was the one to give the calls anything related to their mission, so Ryan couldn't say no to her decision.

Although Ryan had no real reason to go with Alissa, he went to the dungeons with her. Unlike the slimes' dungeon, some survivors who were working with Daniel, Cole, and Lilian were guarding the velociraptors and the globins' dungeon. Thankfully, they didn't cause any problems for them. So, before lunch, Alissa had already cleared the four dungeons of that area. Leveling up the classes could be done anywhere, so their job there was over.

"Where are we heading next?" Ryan asked.

"Apparently, your friends managed to communicate with the survivors of Indianapolis somehow," Alissa replied. "The people there, after having to hide from the dragons, are surrounded by three species of monsters, and they can't leave the region. So, we can face a lot of monsters there thanks to the dungeon breaks and clear three dungeons at the same time."

The idea of rescuing the survivors didn't even pass by Alissa's mind, and yet, she looked so ready to take Arthur with her on her dangerous trips. Although Ryan blatantly refused, perhaps looking after a defenseless child would fix her attitude. That being said, the idea of playing hero never crossed Ryan's mind as well.

"It is your call," Ryan said.

Alissa didn't have to hear that twice. Without wasting any more time, she flew toward Indianapolis. In any case, after seeing so many big cities being destroyed by monsters, it became evident to Ryan that dungeons appeared conveniently close to where high numbers of people lived. After flying for several hours, Alissa and Ryan finally arrived at their destination, and there they found a few species of somewhat troublesome monsters.

Golem  Lv 30

Health: 600/600

Mana: 300/300

Stamina: 600/600

Strength: 450

Dexterity: 100

Speed: 50

Intelligence: 50

Endurance: 500

Control: 250

Mentality: 500

Luck: 100

Recovery: 600

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Earthquake Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 50

Spells: Earth Bullet Lv 50

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 150

Giant Bee  Lv 30

Health: 300/300

Mana: 500/500

Stamina: 500/500

Strength: 150

Dexterity: 400

Speed: 450

Intelligence: 100

Endurance: 150

Control: 350

Mentality: 150

Luck: 250

Recovery: 250

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sting Lv 45

Passive Physical Skills: Bleed Lv 15

Spells: Fly Lv 25

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 50

Poisonous Frog  Lv 30

Health: 400/400

Mana: 400/400

Stamina: 300/300

Strength: 250

Dexterity: 300

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 250

Endurance: 200

Control: 250

Mentality: 350

Luck: 150

Recovery: 250

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Poisonous Touch Lv 40

Passive Physical Skills: Leap Lv 50

Spells: Poison Bullet Lv 50

Support Skills: Poison Resistance Lv 150

"This is odd the city is crowded with those three species of monsters, but I am pretty sure the golems have the advantage against the other species. So, why the number of creatures in all species is nearly identycal?"

Golems were supposed to be inorganic monsters, so even though frogs might damage them, it wouldn't be as nearly as effective in an organic target. As for the giant bees, even though they are fast and have a high attack, the golems are sturdy, and Bleed is useless against them.

"I would bet a Golem would be a decent pet for you," Alissa said. "Unfortunately, your skill can only level up when you are close to your pets, and right now, you can't tame a third monster."

" You are correct," Ryan said.

As much as Ryan wanted, he couldn't just ignore Alissa. He had to maintain a certain level of friendliness at least while working, even though it was just an act. Regardless, after studying the city from above for a while, Alissa decided to land on the southern side of the city and then attack the poisonous frogs first.

"You will have to deal with them for a while," Alissa said. "I am hungry, but since they are poisonous, I will have to nullify their poison and heal the damage that they might cause to my stomach."

Ryan really didn't need to hear that Still, considering that Alissa spends the previous day playing with Arthur, it was understandable that she would go as far as eating poisonous monsters. Ryan also felt of doing the same since he needed to level up his Poison Resistance, and he would rather do it outside of combats instead of in the middle of a fight.

"Come to think of it I can create poison to some extent. Can I use that on myself to train Poison Resistance and Lesser Poisonous Enchantment?"

It would be a rather convenient method of training, but at the same time dubious way of training if it were possible. Still, self-harm wouldn't be the first thing that would make Ryan question his sanity at this point in time. Besides, in order to take down anyone or anything that may stand in his way, Ryan wouldn't have the luxury to chose his methods to get stronger. He would choose them all and worry about small things later.

Regardless, after a while, Ryan finally understood the real meaning of Alissa's words. Although she could hit her foes from a long distance, sometimes, she misses, and when she misses not only she alerts the foe that she tried to kill but all the other creatures in the area. Ryan barely missed, but even if he misses while he was four hundred meters away from his targets, the impact wouldn't be that powerful. So, without any ceremony and while hidden behind a grove, Ryan began to snipe the poisonous frogs.

You obtained twenty-four coins.

You obtained twenty-four coins.

You obtained twenty-four coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1