Chapter 140: Troublesome News

Chapter 140: Troublesome news

Ryan used Dash to escape from the monsters since he wasn't using stamina to fight, he didn't have to worry about it. When he was from a distance in which he couldn't even see the slimes again thanks to the darkness of the dungeon, he stopped and turned around. At the same time, Ryan fired his Flame Arrows nonstop. He knew his attacks would hit them anyway, so he didn't have to aim properly. As expected, his mana was being used, but it was also being recovered much faster than that. While that was good and all, Ryan didn't come to level up his Flame Arrows.

"I guess that will do it," Ryan said and then picked up his bow and activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation. "Probably"

Ryan summoned a bone arrow and then activated Rapid Shot. At that level, the skill could only summon two more magic arrows, but given that his dexterity reached an absurd level, Ryan was confident that his attacks would kill more than a few slimes. As expected, it did. With those skills alone, he managed to hold back the monsters for several seconds. However, eventually, they appeared in the middle of the dungeon where he was.

"Ah there is a better method to do this," Ryan smirked and then ran toward the exit of the dungeon.

When he arrived there, Ryan pointed his bow upward, and then when the first slime left the dungeon, he activated Arrow Shower. For several seconds, the rain of magic arrows killed every single slime that tried to leave the dungeon. Ryan's mana was being sucked every second, but it was being recovered at the same time since those weak arrows were enough to kill at least one slime.

After thirty minutes, the slimes finally stopped leaving the dungeon. It was insane, but Arrow Shower reached level thirty against slimes! As if that wasn't enough, Ryan found several iron ores on the place the slimes had been killed.

"I need to find a use for this already. My backpack is already full of them Anyway, it is time to kill the bosses."

Since they were big and slow, the bosses took their sweet time to leave the dungeon. Even though they were more resilient, they got wiped out by Ryan in just a few seconds. As expected, Ryan got so powerful that not even forty slime bosses were a problem to him. However, Ryan soon noticed something weird after the dungeon break. The slimes' level had increased.

Slime  Lv 24

Health: 88/88

Mana: 88/88

Stamina: 88/88

Strength: 17

Dexterity: 17

Speed: 17

Intelligence: 17

Endurance: 17

Control: 17

Mentality: 17

Luck: 17

Recovery: 17

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Earth Arrow Lv 17, Water Blade Lv 17, Wind Arrow Lv 17, Fireball Lv 17

Support Skills:

"This is weird" Ryan frowned. "Did the dungeon break cause this?"

That seemed like the only explanation. Ryan was willing to test that theory, but first, he had to collect the loot he obtained. It had no use for him, but the slimes dropped a lot of crappy items. In the end, Ryan used the cores he obtained to create a pretty half-assed iron cart, which he would use to sell the items for Daniel and the others.

"Those guys are goody-two-shoes idiots, so they must be looking for other survivors. They will need this," Ryan said. "Besides, even while having an entire dungeon for themselves, I doubt that all the survivors are fully equipped."

Even though Ryan wanted to keep a distance from them, he needed coins to buy the Wind Manipulation tome, and he didn't want to wait until he goes to another high-level dungeon. Regardless, before causing another dungeon break, Ryan decided to test the power of his Earth Manipulation. Although the skill leveled up quite a bit in the last few days, Ryan needed at least one hundred grams of dirt to control a sword that weighed one kilogram. Anyone with half a brain would notice that he wasn't using Telekinesis. Besides, Ryan could only do that for a while because the more the earth he was manipulated to do or works, the more mana he would have to spend.

"As expected, if I plan to use this in place of Telekinesis, the skill needs to level up a lot more to become stronger and more efficient," Ryan nodded to himself. "Besides, I shouldn't use it for long periods of time."

Ryan was caught off guard when he caused the second dungeon break, and this time, he made sure to solve things without using Arrow Shower. Instead, Ryan used Rapid Shot and Power Shot when the slimes got too greedy. Regardless, he noticed the same thing happening again. The slimes gained four levels, their skills leveled up, and their other attributes increased as well.

"Why? I can't understand why the heck the dungeon breaks make the monsters stronger," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully while he also was biting his lips in annoyance. "What is the connection between those factors?"

After thinking for a while, Ryan recalled Orgar's words after the battle against Baal. He said that the level of mana in both planets was different. Thanks to it, Alissa got tired faster. Considering that, Baal wouldn't be able to pull the same level of power he had in that world on Earth. Why? Was it because Earth wasn't his dominion or because Earth became part of a big game only recently and didn't have enough mana flowing around? If that was the case, does that mean that the dungeon breaks cause mana's flow on Earth to grow stronger, or the dungeon breaks only favor the creatures of dungeons from which they appear from? Ryan couldn't think of any proper answers, but that didn't mean he would forget these questions. Still, he knew was that causing dungeon breaks wasn't something he could do just to make himself stronger... it was like sharpening the knife that one day might take his life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1