Chapter 159: Bad Sign

Chapter 159: Bad sign

Congratulations! The skill Tame has leveled up.

Tame Lv 20  Lv 26

Effect: It gives you the chance to tame a monster or an animal. The more wounded the creature, the higher are the chances of the Tame skill to work. If the creature is too strong and the skill level is low, the skill won't work.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 06 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Call has leveled up.

Call Lv 20  Lv 25

Extra Effect: for every five levels you have in this skill, you will be able to tame another beast.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 05 status points.

Desert Wolf Alpha

Health: 1.150/1.200

Mana: 1.200 /1.200

Stamina: 1.400/1.400

Strength: 350

Dexterity: 350

Speed: 350

Intelligence: 300

Endurance: 250

Control: 200

Mentality: 250

Luck: 200

Recovery: 350

Willpower: 150

Coins: --

Status: 190

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Steel Claws Lv 60

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 50, Dash Lv 50,

Spells: Quick Legs Lv 70, Meditation Lv 40,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 50, Wind Resistance Lv 40, Pain Resistance Lv 30

You obtained 189.760 coins.

"It looks like you also worked quite a bit," Ryan said and then patted the head of the oversized wolf. "Let's see few items here as well and no tomes. The wolf's luck is ten times higher than the salamander, so maybe the items really disappear after a while."

Although Ryan patted his monster's head, he soon stopped after feeling the smell of blood coming from the wolf's mouth. There were some signs of dried blood on the ground as well, the beast really all of its foes Suddenly, Ryan didn't feel like treating those creatures like pets. Although they were living beings, they weren't much different than weapons of war.

Regardless, Ryan now has the power to have five beasts under his control. Although that was good, it was also bad since he didn't have much time. It would be a pain to stop too many times at night because of the dragons.

"I guess I will just train another desert wolf in order to make it hunt the salamander in the other dungeon. I can't think of any creature that can take down an earthworm aside from another earthworm. Still, even if I tame such a beast, the monster won't last for long since their strength won't be much higher than the ordinary monsters."

As expected, Ryan went to the dungeon and tamed the boss pretty fast. While they were still at the dungeon, Ryan decided to make the monster endure some spartan training. After all, the salamanders were pretty fast long-ranged fighters. Although he focused on training the Fire Resistance of the monster, he also made the wolf learn other skills and trained them up to level ten. That was all he could do before noon.

"Things would be a bit simpler if I could make my monsters wear some gear, but I can't. Strangely enough, all equipment found in the dungeon shops is all human-sized."

Ryan thought that while he left the area. In the end, some things didn't work out the way he wanted before, so he decided not to let some failure bother him in the future again. Some things would work while others won't. Things were supposed to be that way.

On the way back, Ryan avoided fighting with monsters again. Maybe he was getting ahead of himself, but Ryan felt that he was becoming quite good at being stealthy. After all, he didn't have to fight a single time. In any case, Ryan probably had some time left, so he decided to return to Shreveport and check if the survivors that stayed behind were up to no good. He couldn't always ask Mark to check things now and then, but it was better to solve some problems early on. Unfortunately, Ryan didn't find anything in the three dungeons he visited. The survivors were just hunting monsters and living their lives as usual.

"Mmm maybe a single betrayal messed with my mind more than I thought."

After finishing his business in Shreveport, Ryan began to follow Alissa's trail and the others. Although he was managing to keep a decent pace, his mind was quite tired. So, Ryan began to wonder if he shouldn't stop to rest. The group was probably just one day and a half ahead of him, after all. Not sleeping for five days straight was finally affecting Ryan's mind.

"Nah, I need to continue I can sleep as much as I want later on that base. Alissa won't mind since she will be thankful for having more time to stay with Arthur."

Ryan hurried and used every chance to move. It would be a pain if he finds a dragon along the way, and his tiredness ends up making his stealthy skills become sloppy. In order to avoid facing that problem again in the future, Ryan made a mental note to take a one-hour nap every single day. That should do the trick, and Ryan wouldn't feel guilty by wasting too much time not practicing his skills.

"Something is wrong"

After running for an entire night, Ryan noticed that something was off. He didn't find a single monster throughout the entire night, and even though on the previous one he saw ten dragons, he didn't find a single one that night.

Ryan's instincts alerted him that something very troublesome was about to happen maybe a dragon noticed his presence and decided to play dumb in order to prepare a sure-kill trap on his path. Or perhaps one of them decided to call their friends after analyzing Ryan and concluding that he wasn't an enemy they should mess with.

However, Ryan didn't find anything in all directions. He sharpened his senses, but aside from the lack of monsters, nothing seemed out of place. Come to think of it, Alissa said that she would help the survivors in that aspect. However, Ryan's predictions were far off the mark this time. Around noon of the next day, he noticed that the trail left by Alissa and the other was getting warmer. At the same time, he saw ten or so figures flying in the sky and heading toward the same directions as expected, whenever something good happens in Ryan's life, something terrible happens soon after.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1