Chapter 155: Harsh Trip

Chapter 155: Harsh trip

Ryan facepalmed because it looked like he messed up again. Although the skills seemed useful and have apparently no limitations, the cost to use them was too damn high. Ryan couldn't even use one of them with his current mana. To test the skill, Ryan used Summon Slime, but when he saw the monster's status, his head began to ache.

Slime Lv 01

Health: 50/50

Mana: 50/50

Stamina: 50/50

Strength: 10

Dexterity: 10

Speed: 10

Intelligence: 10

Endurance: 10

Control: 10

Mentality: 10

Luck: 10

Recovery: 10

Willpower: 10

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Earth Arrow Lv 10, Fireball Lv 10, Wind Arrow Lv 10, Water Blade Lv 10

Support Skills:

"It looks like summoned monsters can't obtain status points like the tamed ones which means they can only grow stronger when they level up, and I can't teach this guy new skills. Shit this one here can't even defeat a single slime that is spawning on this world."

Ryan didn't know if he was supposed to be happy since the monster was stronger than him when the monsters appeared or if he should feel sad that humans before were pathetically weak. In any case, maybe things weren't that bad As far as Ryan knew, he could summon as many slimes as he wanted, and they wouldn't consume his mana after being summoned. So just by being alive, maybe they could make the skill level up, or at the very least, when they use their skills.

"If I learn the spell that Alissa used to transfer mana to me, they will be able to fight for longer then again. Maybe it will be more efficient if I use all my mana to summon more of them."

It looked like Ryan was a natural gambler. Instead of properly following the safe path, he liked to take some risks even though there was a path of him that was pretty steadyall for the sake of an unstable path that could grant him with some impressive rewards. Regardless, Ryan learned he wasn't disciplined as much as he thought he was

"It looks like our job here is over," Alissa said after choosing a new class without putting much thought into it. "Can we finally go home now?"

"Home?" Ryan frowned.

"My home is wherever Arthur is," Alissa said.

"Right we can return whenever you decide. It is your call," Ryan said. "You are the one who is going to carry us, after all."

"Let's say that your friends decide to work the Colonel. How do you intend to make cross such a large distance?" Alissa asked.

"For the last time they are not my friends," Ryan said after a long sigh. "That is up to you. Do you intend to let Arthur cross several hundred kilometers of monster territory alone, or do you intend to help Mia and the others? I will just have to let you know that you can't take him away from her."

"So, you are passing that problem to me?" Alissa asked. "Well, I guess that is fine if we take things slowly. That way, I will have a lot of time to spend with Arthur."

Ryan sighed maybe he made a mistake by trying to annoy Alissa the same way she could annoy him. Regardless, Ryan began to use his head and think of what he should do while Alissa transports Shreveport's survivors toward the secret military base. It wasn't set in stone that Cole, John, and the others would come, but if Ryan had to bet, he would say they would accept to work with some military guys for the sake of efficiency. That way, they will be able to find more survivors and rescue them faster.

After leaving the dungeon, Ryan wondered if he should buy something, but in the end, he decided to do that later. If his tamed monsters were still alive, he would probably get a lot more coins from them. So, it would be better to make his decision after checking that.

"It looks like you already reached your goal," Mark said, visibly surprised. "When do you plan to depart?"

"Right now," Alissa said, and then she transformed into her dragon form.

Although Mark and his men knew that Alissa wasn't as bloodthirsty as the other dragons, they couldn't help but flinch and gulp while that massive thing was so close to them. Still, despite their obvious reluctance, Mark and Hugo still climbed Alissa's back and then prepared themselves since they were fully aware the trip would be anything but comfortable.

"Don't go too fast," Ryan said. "If the colonel dies and his men at his base never see him again, they will know who to blame for that."

"What a pain" Alissa sighed.

Ryan couldn't quite understand why Alissa got so attached to Arthur, but in the end, she endured the wish of just rushing ahead to return to Shreveport. Although she was only flying at half of her usual speed, the colonel passed out many times along, and Hugo looked like he was about to throw up during the whole trip. Fortunately, he endured the feeling because he didn't want to anger Alissa anymore than he already was by treating her like a vehicle.

Class: Hunter Lv 33 / Elementalist Lv 30/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 739th

Health: 230/230 (1.32/s)

Mana: 417/417 (1.32/s)

Stamina: 297/297 (1.32/s)

Strength: 10 (+39) (+60)

Dexterity: 421 (+186) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+100) (+28)

Intelligence: 09 (+111) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+15) (+69)

Control: 06 (+142) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+5)

Luck: 30 (+1)

Recovery: 290 (+294) (+200)

Willpower: 09 (+5)

Coins: 94.550

Status: 29

Skill List

Offensive Extra Jump Lv 01, Power of Money Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Sprinter Lv 01, Tax Lv 01, Lady Luck Lv 01,

Spells: Flash Lv 01, Summon Slime Lv 01, Summon Giant Bee Lv 01, Protect Lv 01,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 27, Beastmaster Lv 06, Archer Lv 19, Mercenary Lv 05, Corsair Lv 01, Summoner Lv 01,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 11, Trickster Lv 01,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1