Chapter 150: Using Those Who Want To Use You.

Chapter 150: Using those who want to use you.

After saying that, Ryan and Alissa decided to leave through the compartment the old man had planned to use to escape. However, it looked like he wanted to bother them a little more.

"Wait, your country needs you," The colonel said. "As you can see, we have limited personnel, and"

"No thanks, uncle Sam," Ryan said. "Although I respected those who serve, I have no intention of joining your ranks. I know very well how the game of power is played, and I don't want to be a piece. That being said, I believe the idiots in Shreveport may want to join you. Do you want to negotiate with them?"

"Hey, Ryan What are you planning?" Alissa frowned.

"Think about it, Arthur would be pretty safe in a place which dragons never found before," Ryan replied. "Whatever you did to him, you made sure that he won't be able to touch him and the others, right?"

"Yeah, but" Alissa hesitated. "They threatened us and the others."

"Yes, and thanks to it, we found a good place for Arthur to live," Ryan said. "Besides, the people here have access to satellites, so we will be able to save a lot of time looking for the dungeons. The time which you will be able to save and use to stay with Arthur."

"Why are you suddenly being so considerate?" Alissa frowned. "It is making me feel a bit uncomfortable, actually."

" I am practical and logical, that is all," Ryan said and then turned around. "What do you say about this, Colonel? Do you want their help? They are idiots, but they can be useful as long as you change your ways slightly. I am sure you will gain a lot more than just trying to use them to do some shady work blatantly. Think carefully because a chance like this doesn't come often."

As soon as Ryan finished saying that, the soldiers and agents who he fought outside appeared and pointed their guns at him and Alissa, but the Colonel gave them the sign to stop. Although the offer wasn't so bad, the Colonel wasn't so sure if he should accept it. He was a sixty-five-year-old man who earned all the authority that he had, and he always made full use of it. So, he wasn't quite sure if he would be able to change his way and become a leader of powerful survivors or just an authority that demands respect no matter what.

" I need to talk with them first and see if this can work," The colonel said. "Still, you talk like you don't belong to their group, but you still are interested in having access to our resources and technology. Do you plan to work with us or not?"

"I will clear the dungeons; you clean the path for you and the others," Ryan said. "Do you want even more than that? Anyway, we can take you to Shreveport after we clear the dungeons around Indianapolis. So, wait patiently."

"Sir!" The tall man which threatened Alissa and Ryan before stepped forward. "You can't leave this base, sir. It is not safe."

"It is necessary," The colonel said. "We didn't do much in an entire month, and we need to adapt faster because the dragons are returning."

His men respect the Colonel quite a bit, so even though they wanted to protest, they couldn't go against his decision more than that. Besides, even if it was dangerous, he would have a dragon as an escort. No one could ask for more.

"Well, we will go now and return once we clear the dungeons," Ryan said. "Make your preparations because this girl here has a reason to return fast. Also, send some of your men to guard the frog's dungeon. With guns, it will be faster and more efficient to kill them inside the dungeon while their numbers are low. Do the same later after we clear the other dungeons."

"You! Mind your tongue while you speak with the Colonel!" The tall man said.

"Sorry, sorry," Ryan shrugged. "I am not very knowledgeable with this serious stuff of the army."

Prideful and angry people were too noisy, so Ryan and Alissa left before they could give that mana any other reason to shout. Although the situation had been more or less solved pacifically, Alissa seemed in a bad mood. She was too clingy to Arthur, and she didn't want to let him live in a military base.

"What else did you discover from the Colonel?" Ryan asked.

"Not much" Alissa said, a bit annoyed. "All that I discovered is that it has been a while since the people here managed to contact other military bases. Due to the megalodons' attacks, the navy has been almost completely wiped out. Aside from that, it looks like places like these don't have to follow or obey the rules of people from outside since the chain of command is in a mess due to the lack of communications."

It made sense, but Ryan was a bit disappointed since somehow, the people there still could control one satellite. Regardless, Ryan wanted to make use of that because he needed to know how the people in the other countries were doing. As far as he knows, the monsters were a threat to every single human being, but if creatures like demons decide to make alliances with humans to wipe out some countries and save others things could become disastrous.

"I don't like this plan of yours," Alissa said.

"I can say the same about your working policies," Ryan said. "Regardless, if things don't work out with the people of this base, you can always overthrow them later, as long as you have a good excuse and don't massacre the people here, they will follow you. Humans will do pretty much everything to survive. Still, before doing that, you will have to make someone learn how to operate the satellites. I want to use them for a long time."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1