Chapter 154: Class: Summoner

Chapter 154: Class: Summoner

Ryan wasn't the type to make the same mistakes twice, so when his mana got empty, he retreated a little, grabbed his backpack, and used the potions he had bought to use in emergencies. He had to hurry since the golems were approaching, and he killed only three. However, his tension and hurry had been for naught. Alongside her bolts, Alissa fired Ice Spears that completely froze the golems' heads. Before they could even fell due to that, she destroyed their frozen head with those bolts.

"For the good or the worse, Alissa's presence is useful. The number of times in which my life had been in danger decreased since I met her, but I will never stop being motivated to keep improving thanks to her. After all, while she is holding back, she can kill ten times more monsters while I am serious."

Ryan and Alissa killed thirty of the bosses before the remaining of them could get close enough to attack with Earth Bullets. Alissa frowned since he didn't expect they would reach that far. Still, she solved that problem easily by increasing the size of her Ice Spears. Not only she managed to destroy the enemies' projectiles with that, but she also killed some golems with her magic. In the end, Alissa killed forty-three iron golems, and Ryan, who gave his all, killed only seven.

"You are not good enough to estimate your foe's strength with your eyes alone. You need a lot more practice. Against an opponent of this level, it is laughable that they got this close."

While Orgar was nitpicky, Ryan decided to check the loot. Although a lot of items were dropped, and some of them were pretty decent, Ryan only picked those there were dropped from the monsters he killed. Fortunately, his luck had been good, and his equipment was finally going to be upgraded a little bit.

Iron Breastplate

Effect: Health + 10, Endurance + 8

Durability: 45/45

Mantle of the Wanderer

Effect: Speed + 5, Stamina + 15

Durability: 45/45

"It looks like I can use the breastplate over the chainmail and still get the statuses not bad. As for the cloak, I am more interested in this old piece of clothing will be useful against the cold wind of the night."

"Mmm what am I going to do with all this?" Alissa said, looking troubled by the items that she obtained but had no use for.

"Sell, donate, trade you can do a lot of things with it," Ryan replied.

"I don't need any more coins than I already have, and I certainly don't want to help other humans for free," Alissa said. "As for the last option, I doubt that other humans have the things that I can't find."

Alissa was complaining because she had problems others would beg to have. Still, Ryan decided to ignore her. Nothing good would come from arguing with someone who complains when they don't have any reason to do so. Regardless, before she could solve her problems, she just put away her items on the dimension which she used to store all sorts of things.

"Now that I think about it, even though she says that, she never leaves anything behind. All the drops she obtained, she stored in wherever she put her things. Which reminds me, she stored some beds there before, but she always looks for other beds when we arrive in other cities."

That was beyond weird, but then again, Ryan decided to forget about it. It was only natural that they defeated the dungeon's final boss with ease after fighting against fifty of them earlier. This time, Ryan's expectations were quite high since both of them worked a lot more than they did on the previous dungeons.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Gladiator, Ninja, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"We hit the jackpot this time, three new classes, and all of them look interesting that being said, I don't need a melee class, so Gladiator is out. Well, about the others what should I do?"

Ninja seemed pretty cool, and Ryan was quite certain the status bonuses would help him increase his power with a bow even more. However, Summoner seemed like the class Ryan would need to keep the dungeons in check For the first time in a while, Ryan had no idea what he should do.

"Mmm maybe Summoner doesn't have the limitations of the Beastmaster class that would be really helpful. Still, I feel like relying too much on monsters is making me stray away from the fighting style that I want."

In the end, Ryan decided to make a bet if he losses, hopefully, he will have another chance to get the Ninja class in the near future, and he wouldn't hate himself for too long.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Summoner!

You obtained the following skills: Summon Slime, Summon Giant Bee, and Protect.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by four points, your stamina, health, recovery, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Slime.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a slime.

Cost: 250 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Giant Bee.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a Giant Bee.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Protect.

Effect: It grants you the power to cast a barrier around your or your allies. The spell can only last for three hundred seconds, and it increases the target endurance by five points per level.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1