Chapter 152: Tips

Chapter 152: Tips

"If anything, those sure are some interesting skill" Ryan frowned while reading the description of the skills he obtained.

Truth to be told, they weren't half-bad. They would be useful in the long run, and as far as Ryan knew, he could damage with one hundred percent of accuracy every enemy in his field of vision with the Power of Money. He would have to use a lot of coins, but even so, the skill had a lot of potential.

As usual, Ryan didn't ask the class which Alissa picked, and at that point in time, she wouldn't show any emotion by getting one of those weak classes. Unless she gets the dragon knight or dragon archer class, nothing would surprise or excite her.

When Ryan and Alissa left the dungeon, they found the Colonel's men waiting for them. Although they weren't friendly, they weren't crazy enough to pick up a fight with them. Besides, as far as both parties were concerned, they were the ones who started the first fight.

"We will watch this dungeon," A female officer said.

At the very least, even though they caused some problems, they were working hard since it was already dark and most people couldn't see anything without some devices that the soldiers were using. In any case, Ryan wondered where the tall man was. Ryan didn't use Appraisal on him, but he looked to be the strongest of the group.

"All right," Ryan said.

Even amidst the destroyed city, Alissa managed to recover two beds and some sheets. Ryan didn't know if she had done that on purpose, but she decided to put them in front of the dungeon where everyone could see her sleeping comfortably in the open while she was snoring. As for Ryan, he couldn't quite trust his new semi-temporary allies yet, and since he couldn't read minds like Alissa and he didn't have a dragon as a watchdog either, he spent the night resting with his eyes closed but with his ears wide open.

When morning came, Ryan was surprised to see the Colonel visiting his men who were guarding the dungeon. Ryan saw the tall man studying him with a serious and angry expression on his face alongside him. Now that he thought about it, those two seemed pretty similar with the exception of their size. Maybe they were father and son or something. That would explain why the tall man was still annoyed.

"It looks like even you two have to stop now and then to rest," Colonel said while watching Alissa snoring. "Regardless, I have come to inform you that the preparations are completed. Hugo and I are going with you two."

"You didn't have to come all this way to inform us," Ryan said. "We were planning to pick you up on the base."

"It is all right," The colonel said while looking around. "It has been a while since I left the base and breathed some fresh air. Regardless, I am still having trouble believing that only a human and a human who has the power of the dragons managed to secure this entire area by themselves. I must apologize for what we did yesterday. We have been watching you two for a few days and imagining that we could obtain this power by ourselves. We did what we did."

"Desperate times, I am sure," Ryan frowned, imagining what the colonel had planned to do with him to obtain his power.

Ryan had no intention of forgiving the Colonel and his men for their actions. However, there was no reason to hold a grudge when they could be useful to him. He wanted to believe that he wouldn't have done the same in their position, but Ryan didn't know if he would be able to if he hadn't been lucky when the monsters appeared.

After a while, Alissa woke up, and they began to prepare to work again. For some reason, the Colonel and the tall man wanted to accompany them. While it was fine since they were using surprise attacks to kill the monsters instead of some tricks or techniques, even Ryan didn't like to be watched while he was working. As for Alissa, she hated the idea with a passion.

"You aren't going to learn anything just by watching," Alissa said. "If you truly wanted to obtain power, you should follow Ryan's footsteps. Kill some slimes and then goblins and slowly build your strength until you are strong enough to face a dragon alone. Well, I am not sure if just following his footsteps is enough, he can be reckless sometimes, and you two don't look like you will do the same."

Ryan facepalmed as if Alissa weren't even more reckless. Regardless, Ryan decided to forget about it and just focus on the task ahead because whether he liked it or not, he was helping other humans to gain power, and he needed even more strength in order not to get screwed in a world where humans can fire arrows that have the same power of cannon bullets.

Against golems, sniping them without making much noise was close to impossible since their bodies were sturdy as hell. Although only exploding their heads was enough to destroy them, the noise caused was pretty loud. Fortunately, they were slow, and since they were inorganic creatures, they couldn't feel fear for their lives. The only thing they felt was the desire to attack any opponents that entered their territory.

"You have a pretty good aim for someone who is using a weird bow and weird arrows," The colonel said. "Are you using some sort of skill to improve your aim and the range of your arrows?"

"Nope, I am not using any skill to do that," Ryan replied. "If you want to do the same, you just have to have high dexterity and a good weapon that can emulate your dexterity. With those two, and a few moments of concentration, you can hit your targets from a pretty significant distance."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1