Chapter 151: Class: Corsair

Chapter 151: Class: Corsair

Before leaving the military base, Alissa made sure to repair to some extent the things that she destroyed, and after leaving the place, she explained to Ryan what she did to the old man. It was called the subordinate's seal, a spell that a dragon could use to control other living beings. Alissa made sure to hold back, so the Colonel wouldn't suddenly change his behavior, and the only thing he would be unable to do was to give the order for his men to hurt any other human. There were some holes in that technique, but for the time being, it was sufficient. At least Alissa said so.

"It is all right. I put a spell on Arthur," Alissa said. "If any spell hits him, the mana will be dispersed, and at the same time, he will be teleported to where I am."

Ryan glared at her to do such a thing without asking for permission or telling anyone... Although that was the perfect protection for Arthur, it didn't change the fact that Alissa was going too far. Still to think that dragons could even teleport things and even other living beings their power seemed endless.

"Let's kill the bees this time," Alissa declared. "I can't eat them, so this time I will help on the fight."

Although her bolts, when missed, scared the bees, and some of them ran away after noticing her presence, Alissa managed to kill around ninety percent of the giant bees that she tried to skill. It was a pity, but Ryan received a lot fewer coins. On the other hand, they managed to finish off the monsters that the dungeon spawned before sunset, and now they just have to worry about the bosses and clear the dungeon. Some of Ryan's skill and classes leveled up a few times, but Trickster wasn't one of them since it wasn't a combat class. That was a real pity since that class granted the bonus that he needed.

Still, even though they managed to free two-thirds of the city, they didn't find any survivors. It was because of Alissa's presence that could make even humans who never used mana before trembling in fear, but in the end, that wasn't really a problem. Their goal there was to kill the monsters and clear the dungeons, not save people and make another survivors' camp. If they had a brain, the Colonel and his men would help the survivors later. Otherwise, they will never obtain the cooperation of those in Shreveport.

At some point, Ryan noticed that he was losing a good chance to train and see the shortcomings of the fighting style he wanted to have. So, he bought some mana potions at the dungeon shop before challenging the giant bee, which was the dungeon's boss. It wasn't at the level of his arrows as expected, but by using Wind Manipulation, Ryan could control the Flame Sword and the Paralyzing Spear and make them fly around twenty meters per second. It was probably just enough to fight the boss.

"I will take care of this boss," Ryan said. "It shouldn't take too much time, even with only two weapons."

"It is fine," Alissa said. "Although the golems will be a bit more troublesome, I bet we will wrap up things here tomorrow."

Although Ryan could make his weapons move at that speed, he could only do so for a full minute with his mana and recovery. That was why he bought some potions, he decided to be cautious, but he just worried too much in the end. Once he fired the Paralyzing Spear and hit the target, the boss was done. Flying monsters were weak against electricity and that wasn't just the logic of a game. Adding that to the fact that the boss was just a giant insect, the beast suffered even more damage when the Flame Sword began to do its magic. In the end, the monster didn't do anything and only lasted for twenty seconds.

"Nice this is the exact thing that I envisioned that I would be able to do with this fighting style. Still, I can't get carried away. This time the target was weak against both of my weapons, after all. Besides, the speed of the projectiles needs to be improved for surprise attacks."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Slayer, Corsair, and Priest.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Three new classes that is good, but now that I know that even the second class might enhance the status that I want, it won't be that helpful if I can't level up during the fights."

Ryan was fully aware that it would be weird if he could level up several classes at the same time, even more, those which would increase the status that he wanted. Still, he wouldn't stop looking until he finds the classes, which were the upgraded versions of Hunter and Archer. Regardless, the name was weird, but Ryan still chose Corsair. Hopefully, it wouldn't be another one in which he can only level up by using certain skills.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Corsair!

You obtained the following skills: Power of Money, Tax, and Lady Luck.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Power of Money.

Effect: It grants you the chance to cause direct damage to your foe's health by using coins. You can cause one hundred points of damage per level, and the cost will be equal to the damage caused.

Cost: 10 coins per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tax.

Effect: It increases passively the number of coins you can obtain by defeating a target by 0.1 percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lady Luck.

Effect: It passively increases your luck by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1