Chapter 163: Magic Amulet

Chapter 163: Magic Amulet

Ryan turned around to try to blind the other dragons as well. However, the monsters also turned around and began to fly in the opposite direction they had no sense of responsibility toward their wounded ally. Still, that wasn't something Ryan had to worry about. Now that he was on the face of the dragon, the creature finally could attack him, but before that could happen, Ryan jumped off from there and landed on the ground. The monster hit its own face and ended up making the Paralyzing Spear pierce even more.

At that point in time, the monster had completely lost its reason and didn't even notice Alissa approaching in her dragon form. Just as Ryan thought, it was her presence that made the dragons ran away. Those three thought they could take Ryan down before she appears, but the others weren't so dumb and left earlier.

"Phew, it looks like I arrived on time," Alissa said. "Incredible, you still are in one piece well, almost. Anyway, you owe me another one, huh, Ryan? I guess you are going to work with me for more than six months."

"Keep dreaming," Ryan said. "Why don't you ask Orgar what happened? "

"He attacked the dragons because we were going to be attacked by behind once they discover about the secret base."

"Eh?" Alissa said, astonished. "Ryan did that? To think that he would go that for us."

"Don't get ahead of yourself," Ryan said. "You already know why I did this."

"For Arthur, huh," Alissa said. "You sure are nice to him. Anyway, I guess you ended up paying your debt, and we don't have to work together anymore."

"Is that supposed to be a joke?" Ryan frowned.

He didn't want to say it out loud, so Ryan stayed quiet about it. However, Ryan was fully aware that he didn't have any chance of defeating the ten dragons alone. He defeated three somehow, but in the end, if Alissa hadn't noticed everything and come to his aid, Ryan would probably be digested in the stomach of a dragon at that moment.

"I see" Alissa said. "Well, shall I finish this guy here?"

"I can do this myself," Ryan said.

The third dragon wasn't wounded enough to be considered half-dead. However, since the Paralyzing Spear pierced deeply on the monster's head, its effect prevented the monster from controlling its body. In such a situation, Ryan just had to use Wind Manipulation now and then to touch the spear, and then the monster would suffer damage. As expected, after three minutes, the dragon died.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

Ryan sighed in relief when the monster died. That battle had been the longest of Ryan's battles so far it lasted over an hour, after all. Fortunately, it had been worth the hassle. Not only Ryan received a lot of coins, but he also received a tome and two other items. Those were the drops of the last two dragons he killed.

Magic Amulet of the Toughness

Effect: Increases the user's Endurance by thirty points

Durability: 20/20

Seismic Hammer

Effect: It gives you a chance to stun your foes for one second every five seconds. Strength + 40, Endurance + 30.

Durability: 80/80

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 700 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 688th

You obtained Sprinter's Boots.

Sprinter's Boots.

Effect: It automatically activates Haste Lv 20 on the user.

Durability: 30/30

Those were some nice rewards, but since Ryan was greedy, he couldn't help but complain a little in his head he wanted a new bow. It has been a while since he changed his main weapon, after all. Regardless, all those items would be beneficial, but now that Ryan thought about it, the fighting style that he wanted to develop had a serious flaw he couldn't have several weapons and use them as throwable objects unless he obtains a skill or item that lets him store them in a storage dimension. Just carrying around the sword and the spear was troublesome enough, and now, with a hammer that was large as himself, Ryan's speed would decrease considerably.

"It looks like the more I complain, the more problems appear I should stay quiet then."

"Hey, Orgar, are you sure of that?" Alissa asked while frowning. "You don't mind?

"Yes, if he had lost, he would be in the dragons' stomach. That is the kind of world you live in right now. The winner can do whatever they want with the losers, do as you see fit."

Ryan had no idea what those two were talking about, but he decided not to get involved since he had enough problems. Still, Alissa told Ryan what she was planning to do.

"Don't you think we should take the dragons' corpses with us?" Alissa asked. "I don't feel like eating them, but your friends might like the meat. Also, the bones and scares of dragons can make a lot of weapons."

So that was what they were talking about It wasn't like Ryan thought of doing that before. However, it was impossible for several reasons. First, carrying a monster with that size was nearly impossible. Second, humans didn't have the skills to use the part of monsters to do anything yet. Maybe they could develop those skills, but it would take a while Maybe Ryan could try to do something with them by using Auto-Production, but he would stop in the middle of nowhere just to do that.

"It is fine. We don't have time to waste," Ryan said. "Just go and join the others. They are waiting for you, right?"

"I don't need to carry them," Alissa said. "I can just put all of them inside my dimension, which I use to store the things I want."

Ryan hadn't forgotten about that, but he didn't think Alissa would be able to put three forty meters long dragons in there her powers were really fearsome.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1