Chapter 160: What Now?

Chapter 160: What now?

It didn't take long for Ryan to notice that ten dragons were following Alissa and the others. That was odd Alissa and Orgar should have noticed them and decided to attack the monsters since they planned to do the same with them.

After thinking for a while, Ryan understood that the dragons were just following the humans from a safe distance because they wanted to see where the base was. All in order to completely wipe out their numbers and turn their base upside down. That was some devilish plan as expected of dragons.

"Maybe Alissa is too distracted by playing with Arthur. However, I can't imagine Orgar dropping his guard for any reason what now?"

Attacking the monsters was out of the question since if Ryan does that, the chances of the dragons ganging up on him were pretty high, and if that happens he will die, for sure. Trying to take a roundabout route wouldn't work either. Ryan was one thousand kilometers away from Indianapolis. Maybe Alissa and the others were at half of that distance. So, he had less than eight hours to warn them.

"Oh man what now?"

Whatever happens, Ryan couldn't let the dragons find the secret base, and he couldn't let them attack first either. Not only would the first make him lose a precious source of surveillance, but the second would decimate the survivors. Without a dungeon to hide inside, they would be sitting ducks. Even if Alissa has powers and she is stronger than the average dragon, she couldn't possibly defeat ten of them alone, much less trying to protect Arthur. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't think of any possible solution to that situation.

Ryan's luck really sucked why he couldn't peacefully defeat just the right monsters to build his strength at a decent pace? Why always something unexpected had to happen so often? In any case, Ryan made up his mind. He would try to find a solution to that problem in the next two hours. If Ryan didn't find one, he would attack the dragons. He didn't want to become a sacrifice for the likes of Daniel and Mia, but strangely enough, he didn't mind putting his life at risk for Arthur's sake. The kid hated him down to an instinctual level, but that doesn't matter. He would do anything for that kid to have a future. That was the only thing he couldn't fail at.

Unfortunately, it looked like that was the only option. Ryan used his head for two hours to find a solution to that situation, but nothing came to his mind. It was unavoidable. He will have to fight ten dragons by himself. Hopefully, he will die buying enough time for Arthur to reach the secret base and to stroke his pride a little bit. He will at least take down two of those ten dragons.

"Yep, this is a decent goal considering this situation."

Ryan ran toward the dragons in order to enter the range of his bow. At the same time, he prepared his mind for that crazy battle. It wasn't much, but he used his ninety-two free status points in dexterity all for the sake of increasing his attack power to the limit.

Weirdly enough, even though Ryan was nervous as hell, the dragons never noticed his approach, probably because they were too focused on Alissa in order not to be detected by her and Orgar.

"Maybe they are using some spell to conceal their presences However, that doesn't explain why they are so close to each other."

Things would be different if Ryan were good at feeling the mana of their foes Still, as long as he enters his range of attack, he will be able to use Appraisal and confirm that. The problem was: was that a good idea? Dragons were the most troublesome monsters Ryan faced so far, and Alissa could do many things with the powers she received from Orgar in the end, Ryan decided not to try anything aside from attacking.

"This angle should be all right"

Ryan moved to the Northeast a little bit until he confirmed that he was in a position where his attack would make the dragon that he hits collide against others. As much as he wanted to pierce an arrow deep down their asses as a payment for what they have been doing to Earth, Ryan couldn't since that only would enrage the beasts. In the end, the time finally came. Ryan began to concentrate his Power Shot, and even though the air around him changed due to the massive concentration of energy, none of the dragons noticed him.

When his mana and stamina got empty, Ryan fired the arrow. Even before hitting the target, Ryan was already smiling because his attack had been so powerful that his bow began to lose durability. That was all thanks to his massive dexterity Regardless, half a second later, his bone arrow pierced the right-wing of a black dragon and also pierced deeply on its right side. The beast screamed in pain while the impact made the monster forcefully move to the side. As expected, his Power Shot's impact not only wounded deeply one of the dragons, but it also made the monster hit three others. At the same time, Ryan felt a wave of mana dispersing from them. They really were using some spell to conceal their presences

Regardless, before the dragons could see what attacked them, Ryan hid behind a tree fortunately, he had chosen to attack in a place in which he could hide very well.

Class: Hunter Lv 33 / Elementalist Lv 30/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 739th

Health: 230/248 (1.32/s)

Mana: 425/451 (1.32/s)

Stamina: 297/325 (1.32/s)

Strength: 10 (+39) (+60)

Dexterity: 513 (+223) (+27)

Speed: 50 (+114) (+28)

Intelligence: 09 (+111) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+15) (+69)

Control: 06 (+156) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+5)

Luck: 30 (+5)

Recovery: 290 (+302) (+200)

Willpower: 09 (+5)

Coins: 205.650

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dash Lv 19 (+ 07 UP)

Passive Physical Skills: Stealth Lv 22 (+ 05 UP), Sprinter Lv 12 (+ 11 UP), Tax Lv 05 (+ 04 UP), Lady Luck Lv 05 (+ 04 UP), Improved Concentration Lv 01,

Spells: Meditation Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Fire Manipulation Lv 20 (+ 03 UP), Mana Shield Lv 09, Earth Manipulation Lv 25 (+ 02 UP), Water Manipulation Lv 18 (+ 03 UP), Wind Manipulation Lv 26 (+ 02 UP), Summon Slime Lv 11 (+ 10 UP)

Support Skills: Sleep Resistance Lv 11 (+ 03 UP), Nocturnal Eyes Lv 13 (+ 03 UP), Master's Support Lv 08 (+ 03 UP), Ice Bound Lv 01,

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 27, Beastmaster Lv 11, Archer Lv 19, Mercenary Lv 05, Corsair Lv 03, Summoner Lv 03,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 11, Trickster Lv 01,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1