Chapter 161: Hunting Dragons

Chapter 161: Hunting Dragons

You obtained 25.000 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 30  Lv 35

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by two points per second.

Cost: 17,5 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Surprisingly enough, before Ryan could sit down to meditate and recover some of his mana to dig a hole and hide, he received that notification. Somehow, he managed to kill the black dragon with a single attack. Still, Ryan didn't get carried away because he knew something was off the dragons did something to hide their presence, and that something probably weakened them. That also would explain the wave of mana dispersing that he felt Regardless, the enemies were dragons that could kill him just with their weight. So, he couldn't relax yet.

Suddenly, in the distance, Ryan began to hear the sound of explosions. The dragons decided to burn the entire area since the number of trees was too high Ryan didn't expect that. Still, as long as he digs deep, their Fire Breath won't reach him. In the blink of an eye, the entire area was burned by the dragons. However, when the flames finally reached Ryan, he was already deep underground.

"Shit I can't see a thing here, and the smoke will suffocate me if I don't do something."

Unfortunately, the only thing Ryan could really do in that situation was to wait and recover his mana and stamina and then repeat the same process: kill one dragon while its focus is in somewhere else.

Congratulations! The skill Fear Resistance has leveled up.

Fear Resistance Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Decreases the effect of magic attacks that may cause fear by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Hey, are you kidding me? Why this message appeared at such time?"

Although Ryan was trying to keep his nerves in check, there was no sense in denying that he was feeling fear amidst all that tension. It was only natural given that he picked a fight with ten dragons. Still, he refused to accept that.

Now and then, the ground around Ryan trembled while the dragons walked around and used their Fire Breath. Also, now and then, he was forced to close his only source of light and oxygen in that hole to stop the smoke. Somewhere inside his heart, Ryan hoped that the dragons would give up on him and just fly to somewhere else, but they never did. They wanted to avenge their comrade no matter what.

It felt like an eternity, but eventually, Ryan recovered his mana and stamina. It was time to choose another damn dragon to put down. The problem was: how to attack them when the monsters surrounded him? In the end, Ryan had an idea before attacking again, he moved to where the fallen dragon was. It was a risky plan since he wouldn't have to move near the surface. However, at the very least, Ryan knew that the monsters wouldn't guard the corpse. They had no reason to do so, and thus he would be able to surprise them. With some luck, he may find even a decent item.

Since Ryan had to move just the right amount of earth to preserve his mana, it took a while, but he eventually reached his destination, and as expected, the dragons were near it. Ryan even put his head outside the hole to look for the drop since the nearest dragon was three hundred meters away from him. In the end, he didn't find an item but a tome.

Sting Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to decrease the enemy's endurance by one point per level.

Cost: 20 mana

It was a useful skill with a lot of potentials. However, at level one, it wouldn't help Ryan all that much. Regardless, he learned the skill anyway and prepared to recover his mana. After a few minutes of rest, Ryan was ready to attack, and this time, he chose the thinnest of the dragons. One that had green scales all over its body Ryan could tell that the monster was good at attacking from a distance, but their endurance wasn't that high.

"Good, I can do this I can analyze my foes' strength with my eyes alone. That needs some training, but this should be fine for now."

Ryan couldn't move that much while he concentrates his Power Shot since his accuracy would drop considerably. So, he had to concentrate and hid as much as possible his bloodlust. He had no idea how to do that exactly, but for starters. Ryan decided to just charge the attack without properly aim at his target. When he felt that his energy was about to get empty again, Ryan adjusted his aim toward the green dragon. As expected, the beast's sharp instincts made it notice Ryan's presence as soon he aimed. However, Ryan fired and hit the monster's head before the creature could do anything that gigantic size could also be a weakness.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 35  Lv 38

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by two points per second.

Cost: 19 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

The powerful impact exploded half of the dragon's head, killing the beast. Fortunately, Ryan's assumptions were correct, but it will be harder to choose another target since they didn't look much different from each other. Regardless, Ryan's attack also made the dragon's body move to the side considerably. So, the monsters never had the chance to notice that Ryan attacked so near the corpse of the first fallen dragon. They had good instincts, but since they were blinded by rage, they couldn't feel Ryan's presence that easily. Or perhaps Ryan's presence was being overwhelmed by the massive presence of the dragons nearby, that was a question only the future would be able to make Ryan find an answer. In any case, the fight was finally nearing its end...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1