Chapter 164: Butcher

Chapter 164: Butcher

After considering that proposal for a while, Ryan decided to accept it. In the end, he would need to make many items as he wants to face all the monsters, and it would be a pain to rely only on drops. He had some skills to make items, so it was a good chance to level some classes as well.

"You can keep one of the bodies to yourself as a payment," Ryan said. "The other two will be mine."

"I don't really need a corpse" Alissa frowned.

"Then give them to someone who wants. If you give it to the colonel, you will win his favor, and the chances of him causing problems later will decrease," Ryan said. "At the same time, he will probably give a good treatment for Arthur."

"I guess that is a good idea," Alissa said. "I want to see his face when I mention that."

Alissa just pointed her right hand to the corpses for a second, and then they disappeared maybe it was time for Ryan to save some coins in order to buy the tome that would grant him such convenient power. It would be expensive as hell, but the benefits would be worth the hassle. For one, Ryan would be able to surprise his enemies since his weapons wouldn't be in clear view.

"Let's get going," Alissa said.

"You can go ahead," Ryan said. "I will catch up in no time."

In the end, Alissa didn't insist on it. Ryan wouldn't obtain any coins along the way, but he would be able to keep training his stealth skills since he rarely used them nowadays, thanks to Alissa's presence. In the end, Ryan reached the secret base after three hours. Considering that Alissa crossed the same distance in one hour, Ryan was pretty satisfied with his speed. Still, the difference in size was also an important factor, and Ryan also had to worry about his stamina.

"It looks like you are all right," Colonel Mark said, a bit surprised. "When Alissa said that she suddenly felt the presence of several dragons behind us, we imagined that you would face some problems. I didn't imagine that you the responsibility for saving us."

"I didn't save anyone. I only got rid of some insects that were blocking my path," Ryan said. "Rather than that, did your men learn something while you were away?"

"Insects Actually, no." Colonel Mark shook his head. "They used the satellites to confirm our positions, and they didn't do anything aside from that."

"Is that so in any case, I think I did more than a few favors to you in the last few days," Ryan said. "So, I will be hoping that you will give me some privileged information now and then."

"Certainly," Colonel Mark said.

As usual, Hugo was with Mark, and he kept glaring at Ryan since he didn't like his attitude or words toward his father. Regardless, he was ignored through and through since Ryan eventually left them alone and then searched for Alissa. While everyone was unpacking their things, Alissa played with Arthur on the 'park' of the secret base. They were where on the choppers and some other aircraft could be found.

"Did you already choose our next destination?" Ryan asked.

"Not yet," Alissa replied.

"What are you waiting for?" Ryan frowned. "You can decide right now."

"Mmm it is already late. We can depart tomorrow morning," Alissa said after thinking for a while. "Maybe we should wait a little longer in order to give the general some time to collect information about other dungeons."

Ryan sighed and took a deep breath to calm down Alissa wanted to slack off and stay with Arthur for another whole day. Although she was partially correct since it was midafternoon, people like them don't have to wait for daylight to do anything. Regardless, instead of complaining, Ryan decided to sleep a little. It was better to do that while Alissa is unreliable on the guard duty, and Ryan didn't feel like trusting Orgar.

"The dragons are on the warehouse. The General said that you could leave and go as you see fit," Alissa said while Ryan left the place.

A warehouse it was the perfect place that Ryan could use to be left alone. No one would want to stay close to some decaying corpses. Regardless, Ryan also had to work fast since he didn't know for how long those corpses could exist. After taking a quick nap, Ryan was determined to separate those two dragons' bones and scales.

It took a while, but Ryan eventually found the warehouse Alissa mentioned, and unfortunately, some people were already there working to dismantle the corpse that Alissa gave to Mark. They frowned when they saw Ryan, but only that.

"Go on, don't mind me," Ryan said and then headed behind to one of the two dragons.

Based on his experience, the corpses would disappear at some point after midnight. So, if he sleeps for a few hours, it should be fine. All that Ryan had to do was to cut the limbs and the heads of the dragons, and they probably won't disappear. He already confirmed that when he moved around with Alissa.

"If I remember well, the monsters that are killed after midnight, don't disappear on the same night, but they disappear on the next night if their corpses are almost intact this needs to be researched, but maybe, the corpses won't disappear if they are damaged every day."

Ryan couldn't test that theory since he couldn't risk losing such precious materials. Regardless, after sleeping for a few hours, Ryan began to split apart the dragons' parts with his sword and spear. Fortunately, now that they were dead, their elemental resistances were meaningless. So, Ryan managed to cut them down with some ease. The only problems were that he got pretty dirty with their blood and their warehouse also looked like a torture room after he finished his job and Ryan himself looked like a butcher.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1