Chapter 165: A Suspicious Place

Chapter 165: A suspicious place

In the end, Ryan had to work through the entire night to clean his mess since he didn't feel like asking for help. In any case, he succeeded in his task of separating bones and scales from the rest of the body. After seeing how he looked like, Ryan sighed.

"I need some new clothes" Ryan muttered after he finished his job. "Even though I can manipulate water, I can only do so much cleaning with it. I barely can withstand the smell of blood in my clothes now. This smell might cause some problems in the future, like making me more detectable by monsters... Let's hope that I won't get some weird disease as well."

It was a pain, but that kind of thing had to be considered even while monsters are overrunning the world. Regardless, Ryan didn't need protection, and Indianapolis was more or less safe from monsters thanks to him and Alissa, so he left the base to look for some clothes before Alissa wakes up.

"Something easy to clean and move should be fine. Still, I can't neglect some aspects like the durability of some clothes and the adherence of shoes and gloves let's just pick whatever fits me."

Truth be told, Ryan could find the best clothes for him in the secret base. A military uniform would fit his needs perfectly since he looked for comfort and utility instead of fashion when he bought clothes in the past. In the end, Ryan 'robbed' some stores of the city but only picked some jeans, sneakers, dark-blue t-shirts, and brown coats. Just enough to complete a set of ten identical clothes.

"Now I will be able to change my clothes pretty frequently and not worry about that. I look like a maniac covered in blood. Just like a maniac without any fashion sense."

After packing his things and guarding them in a hard-to-find place, Ryan returned to the base and found Colonel Mark returning from the warehouse that was one of the downsides of staying in a place with a lot of people many would know what he did or is doing.

"Any news?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, I was just looking for you," Colonel Mark nodded. "Alissa told me that you two want to clear as many dungeons as possible, but she also said that she is focusing on dungeons where you two can find sapient creatures. I believe you can find in Washington one of those creatures."

"Washington D.C.?" Ryan frowned. "That sounds a bit suspicious what are you plotting Mark?"

"I can't deny that," Colonel Mark nodded once again. "While we intend to help you two, we also need to try to find as many survivors as possible and hopefully find the leaders of this country as well. Maybe we can find what you are looking for in other places, but those are the first results."

Ryan didn't like that as expected, Mark wouldn't change overnight. Even though Ryan and Alissa just helped him increase his forces by one hundred strong men and women, he still wanted to use them to some extent. It couldn't be helped since he couldn't just forcefully make the newcomers work with his men to check things on Washington. Still, Ryan didn't have to accept that just because he could understand him.

"How many dungeons are in that area?" Ryan asked. "And what is that type of monster you think is sapient? Before you get carried away, you should be more careful. I am very patient since I only kill those who point their weapons at me, but if the dragon inside Alissa thinks that you are trying to use her well, you can imagine what will happen. Dying will be the least of your worries."

"I am fully aware of it. In any case, my conscience is clear," Mark said. "As for the monsters, we discovered four types: Giant Ants, some Red Bats, Treants, and what seems to be some female demons. Some of my men called them Succubus. I did some research since I never heard of that term before. I am shocked that such creatures can exist. Hopefully, the creatures of the myths and the demons won't have many similarities aside from their names."

"Succubus? Are those the intelligence species you mentioned?" Ryan frowned.

"Yes, we noticed that some of them were bringing survivors alive to the dungeons, and until now, we didn't find any of those survivors returning," Mark nodded. "I guess it is safe to assume that they are the intelligent species you two are looking for."

Only Alissa wanted to find them. Still, Ryan would be lying by saying that he wasn't curious about those other sapient beings were plotting. Regardless, it was probably safe to assume that Succubus was a species of demons so, the chances of finding someone related to the six demonic generals was quite high in the dungeon and near Washington were pretty high. While that was bad or true, Ryan didn't know, knowing how hot-blooded Alissa was, they probably weren't good news.

While Ryan was thinking about that, Hugo and Daniel appeared. Maybe it was because it was still early, but Hugo didn't seem that annoyed this time. Despite the fact that both of them were unnerving idiots, but they were having a good influence on each other.

"A new outfit, Ryan?" Daniel said.

"Shut up," Ryan said.

"Harsh as usual" Daniel shrugged. "Sorry to bother you with this, but you should talk with your friend. She has been troubling Mia quite a lot these last few days."

"That is none of my business," Ryan said. "I have real problems to deal with right now, so scram."

Hugo showed his displeased expression again. Meanwhile, Mark frowned Although Ryan didn't mention Daniel a single time, Daniel and his father talked many things about him. Practically all of them were good things. So, they couldn't understand why Ryan was so unpleasant, to say the least. After some time, it became obvious to them that they had some history.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1