Chapter 167: Monsters Hunting Monsters

Chapter 167: Monsters hunting Monsters

"While we are away, try to focus on finding as many dungeons as possible and registering their exact coordinates somewhere," Ryan said to Colonel Mark. "It will be easy to monitor and notice any changes later if you do this."

"Do you think the situation can become even worse?" Mark asked.

"If you act with that in mind, nothing will surprise you in the future," Ryan replied. "I don't know if the dungeons can change or if the situation can become worse. All I know is that with each dungeon break, the monsters' level increases, and those sapient beings that we are looking for are operating with that in mind. It would be insane to think that they are stupid enough to send their minions to their deaths without reason."

Mark nodded since that seemed logical. Regardless, even though he was a military high-ranked officer, Mark didn't want to believe that things could become even worse. He was already too old for that kind of job, after all.

After saying that, Ryan left Indianapolis alongside Alissa and headed toward Washington. The trip would last for a few hours, so Ryan made sure to pack some things in order to make the trip less boring and more worthwhile, like mana potions to train his elemental manipulations.

"Orgar, do you think dealing with those Succubus will be difficult?" Alissa asked.

"It will be difficult for him since he is a male, their magic can affect females as well to a certain extent, but you have the resistances to deal with."

"How exactly do you know that?" Ryan asked. "Didn't you lose your memories?"

"While that is true, certain things are common sense. For example, I didn't forget how to use most of my powers. Therefore, it is only natural that I wouldn't forget certain things about other monsters."

Although those words were quite convincing, Ryan didn't want to believe that things would be that convenient. Then again, he never lost his memories, so Ryan wasn't exactly a specialist on the subject.

"So, they are more powerful against men," Alissa frowned. "The general also mentioned that they capture some of them. What for?"

"I am not sure if humans' seed can help them reproduce, but if anything, their essence can make the succubus stronger. All males' essence can make them stronger."

Now that was a weird topic Ryan was fine in fighting monsters that just treated him like lunch, he couldn't feel the same way when a new species appeared, and they tended to treat males like their plaything. A plaything that could make them stronger Regardless, Ryan was a sniper, more or less. So, he didn't have to worry about that.

"What a disgusting bunch of monsters" Alissa said, visibly disgusted. "Still, some men would love to be treated like that. So, shall we rescue all of them?"

"I thought your mission was to find clues as to why Orgar has amnesia," Ryan said. "Why would you care if the survivors we might find will dislike your actions. You can ignore them just as usual."

"That was my plan from the very beginning," Alissa nodded. "However, the General is expecting us to find the people who are above him in the chain of command. He was sure that if we clear the dungeons, the people in the area will contact us. All in all, he wants someone to receive orders from. He can't bear the responsibility of his current position."

Ryan sighed the old man was troublesome in many ways. Why doesn't he just take things into his hands and try to solve things in the best way possible? It was probably because he was too much of a patriot. Everything he does or thinks is for the country. While Ryan could admire that, he wasn't nave enough to put his future in the hands of others. While he was pretty sure he could look after himself in most situations, Mark had to worry about others, many others and he couldn't see himself as someone appropriate for that task when the world is in such a state.

"Still why would you care about what he wants?" Ryan frowned.

"It is just like you said before he will treat Arthur well if I help him now and then," Alissa said.

Although Alissa sounded confident, Ryan felt her hesitation a little. She probably had something else in mind. Alissa wasn't someone who would help others without reason. As far as she was concerned, the body of the dragon she gave to Mark was an excellent gift, more than enough to gain his trust. Even if that wasn't enough for that, she had plenty of more direct ways to gain his favor. Regardless, Ryan decided just to wait and see for the time being.

After a while, those two finally arrived at their destination. However, unlike in the other places, things were a bit weird in Washington. While three monster species were living more or less in peace in Indianapolis before, in Washington, the succubus was putting the other monsters to run away. When they had the chance to kill the other species, they didn't hesitate.

Succubus  Lv 45

Health: 400/400

Mana: 1.200/1.200

Stamina: 600/600

Strength: 200 (+50)

Dexterity: 300 (+100)

Speed: 250 (+50)

Intelligence: 500 (+100)

Endurance: 200 (+50)

Control: 450 (+150)

Mentality: 500 (+150)

Luck: 300

Recovery: 400 (+150)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Steel Claws Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Seducing Touch Lv 70

Spells: Charm Lv 60, Illusory Adaptation Lv 90

Support Skills: Pain Resistance Lv 150

"Level 45 this isn't good. It looks like what Orgar said is true or maybe by killing other monsters, those creatures can level up as well."

Succubus were demons that had red skin. Like the other demons, they had a pair of horns in their foreheads, but their wings were more wasp-like than bat-like. That being said, their main feature was the fact that all of them didn't have any clothes they were completely naked. Although that would probably contribute to their cause, the Succubus wasn't that pretty. At least that was Ryan's opinion by seeing them from far away. Maybe their skills helped them in that regard.

In any case, the population of Succubus was so high that Ryan was pretty sure it would take a week or two for them to exterminate all of them. That would work well as training. The problem was Alissa will she endure work that much non-stop? However, much to Ryan's surprise, it looked like she was planning to make that mission last for quite a while

"Let's clear the other dungeons first," Alissa said. "After that, our job will become easier."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1