Chapter 178: Class: Rogue

Chapter 178: Class: Rogue

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Brawler, Rogue, and Disciple.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Again, huh Three new classes, Brawler, aren't for me. Although the name is suspicious, Rogue will give me the bonus points that I want Still, Disciple seems interesting."

After clearing the dungeon, Ryan received those options. Based on his experience, the dungeon level wasn't that high, so each class's bonus would be like the tier one classes. Thanks to that, Ryan felt like gambling and choosing the Disciple class. After all, most magic classes gave him some points in recovery, and he will always welcome those. Still, in the end, Ryan chose the Rogue class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Rogue!

You obtained the following skills: Intimidation, Plagiarism, Backstab.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Intimidation.

Effect: Decreases the strength and endurance of your foes by two points per level for thirty seconds.

Cost: 10 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Plagiarism.

Effect: It grants you the power to use the last skill used by your foe. The level of the skill will be equal to the Plagiarism's level. If you try to use any other skills, the skill will be canceled.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Backstab.

Effect: It grants you the chance to cause critical damage when the opponent is unaware of your presence and applying the status 'shock.' This skill only works with melee weapons.

Cost: 10 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

"Mmm this isn't so bad."

Although that was true, Ryan felt like he could have received an even better surprise by choosing the Disciple class. Regardless, what was done was done, and there was no point in wondering about such things.

While Alissa and the others were choosing their new classes, Ryan left the dungeon and then headed toward the Treant's dungeon. Ryan had forgotten about it, but he just recalled that he still could tame two other monsters. He didn't know when they would complete their job there, so it was better to hurry up and tame those two monsters and train them. The plan was to make one of them guard the treants' dungeon and the succubus' dungeon, but with the world in such a state, planning that far ahead was most of the time completely useless.

Treant

Health: 1.500/1.500

Mana: 500/500

Stamina: 300/300

Strength: 200 (+40)

Dexterity: 300 (+30)

Speed: 50

Intelligence: 200 (+50)

Endurance: 700 (+250)

Control: 450 (+10)

Mentality: 700 (+250)

Luck: 300

Recovery: 600 (+500)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sharp Leaves Lv 30

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 50

Spells: Earth Spear Lv 50

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 100, Water Resistance Lv 100

His new tamed monster wasn't much stronger than the average treat. In fact, it had exactly the same level of strength. Since the monster was slow and had little mana and stamina, Ryan couldn't think of many ways of training the beast to be able to defeat other treants.

"Can't be helped, for the time being, you will guard the Red Bats dungeon," Ryan said. "Your affinity against is just right since you don't have blood."

Ryan will have to think of another way to 'seal' the treants' dungeon since they were the most troublesome species before the demons. Still, that was a problem for later. He returned where he left the last group of survivors only to find them punching each other pretty hard it was quite the sight to see middle-aged women punching each other like that.

"I guess after one month, it is only natural that they can endure that much. Besides, they know what recovery can do."

It seemed like Ryan could give them a hand since he could use elemental attacks, but first, he had to check things with Alissa and the others. If they plan to kill some succubus, he will have to go with them. However, when Ryan found them, they were raising their camp.

"We still have some daylight," Ryan said. "So, why are we going to stop here?"

"They lost too much blood," Alissa said. "They will need a good night's rest and some food to recover before the real showdown."

That had been a good call. Although Alissa said that she doesn't care, she was smart enough to become a good leader, and now she wasn't rushing ahead using Arthur as an excuse. Still, her goals were unclean, so Ryan couldn't drop his guard. As much as he didn't want to admit it, he influenced Alissa to change, and if he does something unexpected, he will be partially at fault.

"I will return before sunset to stay on the guard duty," Ryan said and then returned to where the second group of survivors was.

That hadn't been the first time Ryan had shown up, so the survivors didn't pay much attention to him, but they changed their minds when they saw Ryan controlling two spheres around him, one of water and another one of earth.

"I will give you guys a hand," Ryan declared.

" Are you sure of that?" The middle-aged woman asked. "Your previous decision probably already caused some discord within your group."

"Why do you care about other people's problems?" Ryan asked. "Which is more important, my problems or your life? Besides, I am working with her to repay a favor. A thing like animosity doesn't matter. Now, stop wasting time and prepare yourselves this is going to hurt more in you than in me."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1