Chapter 172: Class: Bard

Chapter 172: Class: Bard

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Barbarian, Bard, and Mystic.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

After clearing the first dungeon, that was the reward Alissa and Ryan obtained. Although it wasn't so bad, the classes didn't look that amazing either. Ryan expected a lot more since he didn't gain a single tome after killing so many treants. Alissa gained some, but she just stored them inside her dimensional storage. Ryan had no idea what she was planning to do with those.

"I can't rely on some skills to increase my luck; I need to actually spend some free points if I want to obtain decent gear and tomes. Anyway, given that I have been a bit unlucky as of late, I can't risk taking some possibly useful classes. Let's go with what will help me for certain."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Bard!

You obtained the following skills: Lullaby, War Drum, and Scream.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lullaby.

Effect: When active, this skill can put your foes to sleep. The closer you are to your target, the more effective the skill will be and possibly will negate the effects of Sleep Resistance.

Range: skill level x 10

Cost: 10 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: War Drum.

Effect: Summon two magic drums in order to buff your allies' strength for sixty seconds. The bonus of strength will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by five.

Range: skill level x 10

Cost: 40 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Scream.

Effect: It causes damage at one specific target over time, and when the foe is close enough, the scream will stun them for two seconds.

Range: skill level x 10

Cost: 10 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan hoped that the skills would be different from that, but he was completely wrong in the end. Fortunately, he was so disappointed that he couldn't even bring himself to sigh. The fact that Ryan was tone-deaf was completely unrelated to the matter. He was disappointed because none of those skills would help him with his furtive attacks. Maybe Lullaby could help him with that, but it will take a long while for the skill to reach his effective range of attack, and most likely, it will never reach that range because Ryan's dexterity was increasing his range every single day.

"Let's go," Alissa said. "I want to finish this job as fast as possible."

Alissa was angry. Although that wasn't unexpected, usually, Orgar would help her with that. Regardless, Ryan decided to prepare for the fight against the succubus leader since, with Alissa in that state, things go wrong at any minute. Still, there was only so much he could do with his backpack filled with those low-quality mana potions. Ryan needed a magic item that could give him a magic space to store his items, but knowing his luck, he wouldn't get that anytime soon. So, he needed another option.

Before leaving the dungeon, Ryan checked one more time the loot he had obtained and sighed, knowing they will probably disappear in a few hours. It was a pity, but it couldn't be helped.

Ryan thought he had seen things pretty well from a distance, but the destruction that he could see now while he was walking was far worse. Although the city wasn't nuked for obvious reasons, the dragons made sure to knock down every single slightly tall building. As if they knew that was one of the most, if not the most important, city of the country, they even burned the rubble until it becomes like magma. Considering that the dragons went that far, it was quite surprising that the few survivors in the area didn't try to risk their lives while trying to escape the city. That being said, the very moment they saw an opportunity, they left their hideouts. Ryan didn't know how they noticed that someone had dealt with the treants, but as soon as Ryan and Alissa began to walk toward the next dungeon, they saw some survivors heading in their direction. However, they stopped when they saw the one-handed man who looked like someone who didn't have many friends and a weird woman who had silver hair and eyes.

" Are you the two who killed the treants?" A certain short-haired blond woman asked after hesitating a little bit.

"No," Ryan replied. "The people you are looking for just left the city."

"What are you talking about?" Alissa frowned. "Did you forget that the General wanted us to find the survivors?"

"When did you become his most loyal subject?" Ryan asked.

It was a bit cruel on Ryan's part, but those people were too suspicious as well. How the heck did they know about that, and why they appeared at such a convenient time? Ryan wouldn't of helping some survivors here and there, but he would rather avoid the suspicious ones. In any case, even though their timing was too suspicious, the woman and those survivors didn't look like people who would backstab him on the first opportunity. Their bodies were covered with dust and ashes, their clothes were ragged, and judging by their physiques, it looked like they didn't have a decent meal in weeks.

"Who are the people who mentioned us to you guys?" Alissa asked. "Don't even try to lie. I can read minds, and I know that someone contacted your group via radio."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1