Chapter 175: Class: Combat Archer

Chapter 175: Class: Combat Archer

Claire had a hard time believing in what Ryan said, but when he mentioned the nukes being used to destroy several cities and their inhabitants just to take down the dragons, she accepted everything else. Considering the aircraft vehicles, Ryan saw in the secret base. It was pretty much obvious that all the military leaders decided to conserve their strength since they knew a few of them would be useless against dragons. What they didn't know was that things would only get worse since dragons and all other creatures were leveling up and becoming stronger. The only real option left to humans was to fight with their lives on the line.

"Don't feel so bad about it," Ryan said. "Humans can grow stronger pretty fast now, and since Alissa is training you, if you work harder, someday, you will be able to take down a dragon or two."

Claire could only force a small smile since those words seemed like a joke. Come to think of it, Ryan couldn't understand why he was trying to comfort a stranger. It was better to throw the hard truth on their faces and let the shock do the rest of the job. Maybe he was becoming softer now that Alissa wasn't bothering him like before anymore.

Regardless, after sunrise, the first thing everyone did was to enter the dungeon alongside Ryan and Alissa. Although those two had explained how things would happen inside the dungeon, the survivors were pretty anxious about entering the nest of the monsters that have been tormenting them for several weeks. However, things proceeded quite smoothly since Alissa hurried to smash the boss with a single strike.

"I guess these people need to obtain some classes but are this fine? They didn't do much to clear this place Still, I guess for surviving this far without help. They more or less deserve this."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Berserker, Combat Archer, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two new classes, not bad, I guess. Still, I think I will need to clear the dungeons that spawn some pretty strong monster to obtain the classes that will grant me the ability to store items on another dimension or to use Telekinesis. That may be impossible for me right now, but with this, I can take a step further to that goal."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Combat Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Leg Shot, Perfect Aim, Magic Trap.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Leg Shot.

Effect: When active, this skill can decrease your targets' speed by one point per level and per hit. This effect lasts for five seconds.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Perfect Aim.

Effect: It grants you the power to select a target and hit them no matter what as long as your speed exceeds the target.

Cost: 20 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Trap.

Effect: It creates a magic trap hidden underground. When your target passes above it, the trap is activated, causing magic damage equal to your intelligence. When the enemy's mentality is lower than your intelligence, the target will also be snared for two seconds.

Cost: 30 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"Considering the name of this class, I didn't expect to learn four spells Still, their effects will be useful."

Not to mention the bonus points Ryan would receive by each level up. Those tier two classes were that amazing, and Ryan thought that even other classes granted even more status points. Still, he couldn't bring himself to feel excited about it because, based on the things he knew, monsters more or less still could become stronger faster than humans.

"What classes should we choose?" Claire asked after watching her friends and understanding that they also had the same question in their minds.

"Pick whatever class you want," Alissa replied. "I can't choose the way you will fight from now on. You can't rely on others to make such choices for you."

That was good. Alissa was training those people with something in mind, but at least she didn't want to become their tyrant leader or anything like that apparently. In any case, while they were busy, Ryan decided to check the dungeon shop. As expected, he didn't find the skills he was looking for even though he almost had sixty hundred thousand coins."

"I might as well train Mana Arrow a little bit"

Another good aspect of the Mana Arrow was that the projectile was almost invisible and didn't make any sound while it was flying. So, it could become a decent weapon for Ryan's stealth skills. Regardless, much sooner than he had expected, Ryan was interrupted not by the survivors inside the dungeon and a new group coming from Washington.

"Excuse me Are you the help that the people on the radio mentioned?" A thin, black-haired man asked.

" Well, that will depend," Ryan replied. "Are you guys willing to obey the orders of a woman who is too hard to understand right now?"

The new group of survivors got pretty uneasy thanks to Ryan's strange words, but then they eventually learned the meaning behind them when Alissa appeared and said that she would train as well. At that point in time, it became pretty obvious that Alissa decided to change. She wasn't just trying to help Orgar without thinking too much about things, now she had some sort of goal, and she was working towards it. The problem was: what was her goal?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1