Chapter 176: His Turn

Chapter 176: His turn

Until now, Alissa and Ryan have been avoiding the areas in which they saw the Succubus wandering around. How were they doing that, considering that they definitely were the strongest species of monster in the area? That was simple, Ryan and Alissa decided to clear the area on the east side of Washington since, in that direction, they only would find the ocean. The succubus didn't feel any need to head toward there. However, things would change now since the Red Bats dungeon was pretty close to the succubus dungeon, and even though their goal was to fight and capture some humans, occasionally, the succubus and bats would fight.

"For the next two days, I will train you guys pretty hard," Alissa declared to all the survivors. "After that, your job will be to assist this guy in eliminating all the succubus inside this city."

Alissa stopped referring to Ryan as Ryan, and now she called him 'this guy. She finally got tired of hearing that Ryan didn't consider her a friend or ally. Still, that much was expected, considering that she had somewhat a lot of pride in who she was. Regardless, the survivors didn't like what they heard, but no one protested. Besides, after seeing the status they obtained after leveling up their classes a few times, they also began to understand that fighting wasn't the only option. Still, it was also possible to fight without dying. They reached a point where they thought that only insane people would try to face the monsters However, two days later, things had already changed, and Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at it.

"Ma'am, we are ready to launch an offensive against the succubus," Victor said while saluting Alissa.

Victor was the skinny man Ryan talked about when he left the giant ants' dungeon. His attitude changed completely, and now he was acting like Hugo. Perhaps he was even worse than him since his eyes shined whenever he talked with Alissa. The other survivors weren't much different. They looked far worse than fanboys and fangirls when they get close to their idols. Even Claire, who was quite afraid of Alissa two days ago, now had become another one of Alissa's loyal subjects.

"Not yet," Alissa said. "First, we will clear the giant bats' dungeon and then obtain our new classes. Only after that, we will proceed."

Although they only had one class each, the survivors were stronger than Ryan when he cleared the Sahuagins' dungeon. Alissa's presents and training helped them a lot, but Ryan couldn't help but feel annoyed by it. As if that wasn't enough, she even restored their energy several times a day to increase their pace.

"Well, whatever if she is planning to use to find the answers that she wants, that is excellent for me as well."

Thanks to Ryan's hard work, the group managed to stay away from the succubus' radar. He focused on sniping the giant bats, and neither species noticed that there was a third party nearby. The only problem with that strategy was the fact that Ryan did things very slowly, so more or less half of the giant bats were still alive.

"This will be a decent warm-up for the real battle," Alissa said while facing the two thousand red bats that were blocking her path toward the dungeon. "However, I won't fight. I will just offer my support. You guys go and deal with it."

"Yes, Ma'am!" Claire said.

"You will stay behind and watch as well," Alissa said while looking at Ryan.

"No way," Ryan said. "I am helping you, but I am not your lackey."

"That is true, but I let you fight alone the way you like for the last few days, right?" Alissa smiled. "Now, things will be on my way."

Although that was annoying, Ryan couldn't protest. He obtained a lot by fighting alone, and since he hated unfairness, he had to let Alissa do what he wanted now. She compromised before, and now it was his turn.

It seemed pretty unreasonably to make thirty or so survivors fight against two thousand monsters, even more, when they had so little battle experience. None of them seemed fazed by Alissa's orders. Maybe they were getting carried away with the power they obtained, or maybe they just had that much trust in Alissa.

When the monsters entered their field of vision, the survivors didn't hesitate and launched their assault. Although some of them had long-ranged attacks, all of them charged at the same time. They were probably trying to conserve their mana in any case, the red bats began to get slaughtered pretty fast, but before the battle could last for more than five minutes, the survivors were already exhausted. Without mana and stamina, no one could do anything, and so the red bats began to bit them and recover their own vitality.

Red Bat  Lv 36

Health: 400 /400

Mana: 600/600

Stamina: 700/700

Strength: 230 (+30)

Dexterity: 450 (+50)

Speed: 300 (+250)

Intelligence: 200 (+50)

Endurance: 250 (+50)

Control: 250 (+50)

Mentality: 350 (+150)

Luck: 150

Recovery: 350 (+100)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Drain Bite Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 50

Spells: Fly Lv 80

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 50, Water Resistance Lv 50,

Alissa stepped forward to give her support, but no one expected that she would recover everyone's mana and stamina and then step back again. As expected, Alissa wasn't quite sane. At least that was what Ryan thought. Her idea of training and warm-up was even more spartan than Ryan's.

"Fight, fight and keep fighting," Alissa said. "The world isn't peaceful anymore. If you want to have back your hometown, then kill all those beasts with your bare hands! Or do you want to keep hiding in fear of those monsters like before? Do you want to have such pathetic life again? Answer me!"

After hearing Alissa's speech, the survivors began to fight even more fiercely than before. Although the monsters had the advantage in numbers, the survivors who stopped caring about their wounds and exhaustion began to sweep the floor with them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1