Chapter 184: Death Flag

Chapter 184: Death Flag

"You seem to be a bit calmer," Matthew said. "Can we talk about our circumstances?"

"I am fine with it, but I also have some questions," Ryan said.

"I will try to answer them to the best of my ability," Matthew said.

"I am sure" Ryan frowned. "You were in the white house, right? What are you doing there, and how come you were monitoring us?"

"Although we lost control over most of our technology, we still can use some devices," Matthew explained. They may not be useful for combat, but they were more than enough to observe the city's situations. As to why I came from the white house, I solved some business that morning in the area when the monsters appeared. My family and I took refuge there, as well as many other individuals."

"The president?" Ryan asked.

" This information isn't something I can discuss with you," Matthew said.

"Then, this talk is over," Ryan said and then turned. "I only need to talk with the person who is your first in command."

"I am the first in command of this city," Matthew said, and then he whispered. "Every single other person above in the chain in command died when the monsters appeared, or they went missing."

Matthew wasn't so dumb. Apparently, he couldn't openly say the president's status, but he was smart enough not to let Ryan lose interest in any negotiation with him. Still the president was probably missing. Ryan would bet that he probably died. He just needed a single piece of information to confirm that.

"if you tell me where the president was when the monsters appeared, I will tell you everything I know, except the things about her," Ryan said and then pointed toward Alissa.

Matthew bit his lips in exasperation. Information was one of the things he needed the most, but he couldn't risk and spread about what may happen to the president. However, after eight weeks without receiving a single piece of information from outside Washington, he didn't have many hopes about it.

" He was on an airplane when it happened," Matthew whispered. "Please, don't share this information with anyone if some countries hear about this"

"You sure are optimistic about the situation of other countries," Ryan said. "Do you seriously think anyone has the leisure to worry about world domination right now?"

Ryan wasn't stupid enough to spread that news. Still, he wasn't so sure if Alissa cared about the country's information as much as him. However, what was the worse thing that could happen to a semi-destroyed country? Unless some asshole has a lot of nukes to use, only an idiot will use such weapons to make sure that not another American would be able to see another day.

In any case, Matthew decided to ask several things to Ryan. About what he knew regarding dungeons, monsters, the situation outside Washington, and why they came to the city. Ryan explained some things, but he kept others as a secret as usual. There was no need for his classes to others, and the location of the secret base was only interested in those who wanted to work with Mark.

As expected, Matthew didn't like what he heard. After a while, he gave the sign to some of his men leave the cars and join their conversation. Apparently, he needed their perspective before deciding anything.

"So, you are saying that people like us who live near dungeons but have no classes are screwed?" Matthew asked.

"Pretty much," Ryan nodded. "You can obtain four classes with the dungeons here, but I doubt you can grow strong enough to survive by yourselves. The monsters grow stronger each day, and the dungeon breaks create an army of them every month and also strengthen. Besides, all this fighting isn't the problem is what lies in the other side of the dungeons."

Matthew was aware of it. Thanks to his surveillance system, he saw many men being captured by the succubus, and they never saw them again. Unfortunately, the drones they used couldn't work inside dungeons.

"That is the gist of things," Ryan added. "Still, you are really clueless about everything. Can I assume that you don't know that some cities were nuked?"

"I imagined that such a thing would happen but I have no idea which cities suffered such fate," Matthew said.

Maybe Matthew was lying. Still, Ryan decided to trust him. A man in his position wouldn't dare to push the button, which would instantly kill so many people. Few people would have the nerve to do it, and they could only be found in even higher positions in the government. Regardless, Ryan will have to work harder in order to find who nuked Dallas and destroyed his parents' graves. He won't rest until he makes the bastard regret being born on this world

"Well I once more I apologize for not helping you and the others on the fight," Matthew said. "I once again thank you for freeing us from the clutches of the monsters, but it is time to take my leave here."

Ryan nodded. Since Matthew didn't even bring the idea of joining whatever group Ryan belonged to, he also didn't feel the need to invite him. Somehow, Ryan could tell that Matthew and his men would stay behind and wait for the president. Many of those who worked for him were still hidden below the white house, after all.

"Are you done talking with them?" Alissa appeared and asked.

"Yeah," Ryan nodded.

"We are going to challenge the dungeon and check the thing on the other side," Alissa declared. "After this, since you managed to protect everyone, you are free to go to wherever you want. We won't have to work together anymore."

"What a death flag" Ryan sighed.

That was pretty good, and Ryan didn't feel like he owed Alissa anything anymore. After all, he protected her subordinates. Still, Ryan was worried about what Alissa will do in the future. She changed, and she was more proactive now, but at the same time, she grew, giving less value to Ryan's intentions and opinions. He had to see how things will change back in the base and if she will change regarding Arthur as well.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1