Chapter 185: Class: Navigator

Chapter 185: Class: Navigator

When Ryan approached the dungeon, he understood what Alissa meant by we are going to challenge the dungeon. Although her subordinates were going to obtain their new classes, they seemed far less ready for battle than before. It was obvious that Alissa wasn't planning to take them to the other side. Still that raised some questions. Why not go alone? Why go with Ryan when she just said that they don't have to work together anymore? Maybe Alissa still recognized his usefulness, even though she now clearly disliked Ryan.

"Well, it doesn't really matter now that my debt has been paid, I don't have to worry about several things. Collecting intel and moving around won't be that convenient, but at least, I will be able to measure my own strength with more ease. I also won't have to worry about the amount of time I will have to stay on a single dungeon."

Since Alissa didn't mention if she learned anything by reading the bosses' minds, Ryan was looking forward to the conversation they were going to have with the last boss. However, when the group approached the last part of the dungeon, Alissa created a black Fireball and then increased the magic projectile's power. It was clear that she wanted to kill the boss without wasting a single second.

"I thought she could only use that on her dragon form I guess I was wrong."

Ryan didn't even have the time to check the name of the demon. The very moment Alissa saw a clear path to hit the target, she fired her Fireball of dark flames the monster was burned to a crisp instantly.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guard, Navigator, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two classes that I already saw before Navigator seems like a non-combat class, but it is the only option to keep increasing my primary status."

Once again, Ryan felt compelled to make a bet. He recalled that Alissa picked the Alchemist class and was able to make some potions using monsters' parts. If Ryan finds the right dungeon, not only will he be able to train that class quite a bit, but he also will create a decent stock of potions for free but in the end, Ryan decided to play it safe. After that job was over, he will have to fight alone again, and that means that dragons won't leave him alone. Ryan will have to keep increasing his dexterity to be able to kill them as fast as possible.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Navigator!

You obtained the following skills: Search, Radar, Destination.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Search.

Effect: Looks for the localization of people and monsters registered in your memory.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Radar.

Effect: This shows you the position of all creatures around you. The range is ten meters multiplied by the level of the skills.

Cost: 10 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Destination.

Effect: It grants you the power to select a destination and find the best route to reach it. You also will be warned of monsters' approach when this skill is active.

Cost: 05 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

As expected, Ryan's guess was right. It was a non-combat class, so he will have some trouble leveling it up. However, the skills were quite interesting and seemed pretty useful. Ryan tested the Search skill once and then confirmed that Arthur still was in the base. He couldn't see him or the surroundings, but he could feel the place probably because that skill should be used along with Destination for the purpose of finding monsters and humans.

Still, while Alissa and the others were choosing their new classes, Ryan decided to train Radar since that was one of the skills he needed most. Although it will take a while before the skill becomes really useful with a decent range, it wouldn't level up unless Ryan uses it in moments like that.

"All right, you guys can wait outside," Alissa said. "We will return after a while. Even if we take some time there, don't do anything reckless and don't even think about using the purple crystal to follow me. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

While Alissa was giving orders, Ryan finally recalled something. They didn't find any sign of the men who the succubus had captured. In the end, it was clear that they had been teleported to the other world. However, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if the monsters went there with them or if they just made them touch the crystal. If the monsters could go back and forth by using the crystal, they wouldn't have to die and fight like they had no other choice unless even their death serves some purpose. Ryan couldn't understand why the minions would sacrifice themselves like that, but at the very least, the bosses don't have any reason to fear death. After all, they will respawn twenty-four hours after their death.

"Let's hope that they didn't join their side I don't want to kill any more humans. Too many humans already died since all of this started."

After she finished giving her orders, Alissa faced Ryan. Both of them were relatively ready. Relatively because they had no idea what they will find on the other side Alissa didn't seem very much worried about the risk of failure, but Ryan was. He didn't want to die while knowing so little about this crazy situation. Regardless, eventually, they touched the purple crystal.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1