Chapter 183: Charm Bow

Chapter 183: Charm Bow

For some reason, Ryan didn't feel like asking about what happened with the other bosses' bodies. In any case, several of them dropped weapons, and Alissa made sure to distribute them among her soldiers when they woke up. Meanwhile, Ryan decided to check his new bow. As expected of a weapon that a demon dropped...

Charm Bow

Effect: Consumes ten mana points to create an arrow capable of putting the target into a charmed status. This effect can only take place if the target has less intelligence and it only lasts for five seconds. The effect disappears when the target is attacked.

Dexterity + 20, intelligence + 20.

Durability: 60/60

"This is a very suspicious bow in any case, it is a little better than my bone bow, but in terms of raw power, the bone bow still is the best option. I guess I will trade it."

Suddenly, Alissa approached. The wounds on her body had completely disappeared, but one could tell that fight has taken quite a toll on her. She looked tired, and she was pale as well it was only natural since she went as far as transforming into a dragon to defeat all of those monsters.

"Everyone said that you did something to protect them. They didn't understand what exactly," Alissa said. "So, I guess you deserve half of the loot."

"I can sell them or trade for the weapons you obtained by killing the bosses," Ryan said. "I will buy them. The weapons will be given to those who decided to fight alongside me."

"Is that so" Ryan said. "I guess I will sell only half of them, then."

"Why half?" Alissa asked. "I will give the other half to those guys, they deserved it, and your new group looks like the type who doesn't want to share their toys with others."

"Why are you spoiling these cowards?" Alissa asked while frowning.

"Without them, your soldiers would have died. They bought enough time for us," Ryan said. "I am stubborn and prideful, but I am not blind and ungrateful."

Alissa left after hearing that. As usual, she didn't seem satisfied with Ryan's choices. After all, he seemed fair to some people and unfair to others. Regardless, even though the monsters dropped some decent gear, only the bosses dropped items that interested Ryan, and those already belong to Alissa and her groupies. So, Ryan sold half of his drops for one hundred thousand coins. The items probably were most valuable than that, but Ryan didn't feel like wasting checking their prices on the shop.

"Are you giving all of this to us?" The middle-aged woman asked while watching dozens of items that the succubus dropped. "Why?"

"Because they are useless to me, but they may have some to you," Ryan replied. "Besides, you deserved it. Hopefully, with this, all of you will understand that this is the current world we live in. You fight and win, and then you can enjoy another day and perhaps some rewards like this. Everything is over if you die. As for running away you already know what will happens if you do that again. By the way, what is your name?"

" Helena," The middle-aged woman replied.

"You and the others can go and play with the giant ants," Ryan said. "With this equipment, you probably won't die. Use the dungeon while you can because I don't know what will happen once this job is over."

Ryan has yet to find a way to 'seal' the treants and giant ants' dungeons. The first was impossible for Helena and the others, but they could hold their own against the ants. Regardless, now Ryan just had to wait for Alissa and the others to recover and for the things to solve themselves. As expected, before noon, some things began to change in Washington.

Suddenly, a curtain of dust coming from the north began to approach, and after a while, Ryan and the others identified some military vehicles approaching. Those were probably the guys who talked with the survivors via radio. Still, to think that they would only show themselves now

Alissa was even angrier at them than she was in comparison to the second group of survivors. Ryan could even feel Orgar's aura getting agitated which wasn't good. Although Ryan was also pretty angry, he decided to ignore that group. As for Alissa, she crossed her arms and put herself on the way of the vehicles. Since it was evident that this group watched the whole battle, they knew what Alissa could do, so the vehicles stopped several meters away from her. Seeing who was inside them was impossible since the glasses were dark and bullet-proof, but it looked like Alissa could see everyone inside of it anyway. Her expression only got worse when a tall, pale man left one of the vehicles and walked toward Alissa.

"Hello, my name is Matthew Rockfield," The man said, and he slightly bowed his head. "I am the director of Washington's Police Department."

"And?" Alissa asked.

"I would like to thank you for saving the citizens of our city," Matthew said.

"Don't you mean: I would like to thank you for using me to kill all the monsters of your city?" Alissa asked. "Maybe you should also thank them for using them to confirm if we were enemies or not."

"Although that may seem suspicious, I did what I did, imagining that you two weren't enemies," Matthew said. "We only didn't help because we thought we only would get in the way. We lost many of our forces and resources trying to fight these beasts."

"You may be satisfied with this excuse, but I am not," Alissa said and then turned around and left.

Although Ryan didn't feel like talking with them, he was forced to in order to obtain some answers. He was pretty sure Mark would need the help of a director of the Washington Police Department. After all, those vehicles probably belonged to the white house. He came from that direction.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1