Chapter 182: Difficult Fight

Chapter 182: Difficult fight

Ryan wasn't a good Samaritan, so even though that would be dangerous for the survivors, he decided to completely ignore them and focus his attack on the monster that was looking at him. The demon grinned, imagining how useful Ryan could be, but the grim disappeared when she began to feel the massive amount of energy Ryan was pouring into his bone arrow. For a moment, the monster didn't think Ryan would be stupid enough to empty all his energy against a single enemy when there were thousands of succubus nearby. The creature seriously underestimated Ryan's insanity

When Ryan's mana and stamina dropped to twenty percent, the monster realized that Ryan wasn't joking, and he was determined to finish it off in a single strike. Fearing for its life, the demon flew toward Ryan, but then when the creature was ten meters away from him, it changed its direction and moved to his right side.

"Stupid monsters" Ryan grinned and then adjusted his aim. "This is the oldest trick of the book."

Before firing the arrow, Ryan also activated Brute Arrow. The attack's power increased just a little bit, but he didn't do that to increase his firing power but because he wanted to make the demon hit and kill several other succubi again. Ryan succeeded in doing that, but his heart almost stopped when the corpse almost hit some survivors. He didn't think that such a thing could happen

You obtained 28.950 coins.

The monster also dropped a weird bow a bow that had the shape of the succubus wings, and at the same time, it was black and pink. Ryan picked the weapon, but he didn't even check its attributes he didn't have mana to use it.

"Well, now it looks I don't have any other choice," Ryan sighed while watching the battlefield.

The conscious survivors were trying to protect the unconscious ones, but they were about to fall as well. In the end, Ryan had to choose between letting the survivors become sacrifices, or he makes all the sacrifices. It was a pity, but he didn't have to think all that much in the end.

Suddenly, the succubus eyes began to explode, and the survivors frowned when they saw that since they didn't notice anything that caused that. Even the monsters were shocked by that, but they eventually noticed that a single human was causing all that Ryan. Using the Power of Money, Ryan attacked the monster's eyes. At the current level of the skill, it couldn't kill a single slime, but Ryan could do that by aiming properly, and since the succubus was that close, doing that was easy.

You spent 10 coins

You spent 10 coins

Congratulations! The skill Power of Money has leveled up.

Power of Money Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: It grants you the chance to cause direct damage to your foe's health by using coins. You can cause one hundred points of damage per level, and the cost will be equal to the damage caused.

Cost: 100 coins per level

You obtained 01 status point.

You spent 200 coins

You spent 200 coins

" Shut up, already," Ryan said, annoyed.

Ryan's mood worsened when he noticed that he didn't obtain a single coin when the monsters' died whenever he used that skill. It couldn't be helped since that was to save the survivors, but At the end of the world, the worst enemy of the human race was their damn conscience. Ryan just confirmed that.

In the blink of an eye, Power of Money leveled up many times, and thus Ryan's attacking speed increased greatly. Thanks to all that fighting, he confirmed that he could attack many times in a second. Maybe he also could do that with a bow, but as expected, he needed to train properly to be able to do that, and he also would need to increase his mana pool.

Once again, another boss fell from the sky, but this time, the creature didn't get up. The same thing happened several times, but since Ryan had already recovered his mana, he wasn't worried about them. He was worried about the fact that despite all that, they didn't try to retreat. They weren't mindless monsters, so why fight a battle that they couldn't win? However, eventually, Ryan began to wonder if they would be really defeated blood began to fall from the sky, and Ryan knew that it was Alissa's blood.

"As expected, not even Alissa can fight against fifty mid-tier bosses by herself I need to clean up things here before she is forced to retreat."

Even though his mana was full, Ryan was forced to keep using Power of Money to help the survivors. Attacking with that skill was much more effective and faster, after all.

Although the survivors began to feel unconscious one after the other, the battle somehow ended without a single loss on the human side Ryan had to sacrifice more than two hundred thousand coins to achieve that, but fortunately, the monsters still dropped items, so not everything was bad news.

Before Ryan could pick them up, he looked to the sky and saw the very moment several shooting starts falling. However, Ryan knew that those weren't exactly shooting stars. They were the bosses still, he couldn't quite imagine how Alissa managed to attack all of them at the same time

When the monsters hit the ground, the entire city trembled, and some dust waves spread toward all directions. Fortunately, nothing happened to the survivors since the impact had happened pretty far away. Ryan used Earth Manipulation to see the point of the impacts, only to see several ten meters large craters and the corpses of the monsters without their limbs. After a while, Alissa appeared covered in bruises and bleeding from her nose and ears.

"Ah, that was refreshing" Alissa said with a smile on her face. "I guess I underestimated these mid-tier bosses. Well, no matter, at least they dropped a lot of items. Now everyone will have some decent equipment."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1