Chapter 199: Alternative Fighting Style

Chapter 199: Alternative fighting style

Outside the dungeon, the reptilians were getting impatient. For the last six days, they did nothing but worked to prevent losses and increase their strength. However, even though they achieved both of that and the second dungeon break was about to happen, the bosses didn't feel satisfied. They knew the human who attacked them before was still around. The fact that they didn't see a single velociraptor or giant bee was the proof that he did something or was doing something inside the dungeons. To make matters worse, they couldn't afford to leave the surroundings of their base. It would be better to keep all their forces in a single place.

"To think that a single human-caused us so much trouble when thousands of others didn't show any resistance" Eci muttered in annoyance. "I hear stories of this, but to think I would actually see it from this perspective"

Eci heard stories like that a long time ago, and he heard them recently when he received his new weapons: another pair of fire swords. Regardless, Eci refused to admit that such species could cause such problems to him and his brothers. The most plausible explanation is that the human had already joined the side of another dungeon master, and he obtained a good part of its powers. That wouldn't explain why he was working alone, but that was a small detail.

"We just have to endure this night, and then everything will be good as ours," Eci said while looking at the sunset. "In a few hours, we will expand our territory, and our species will grow much faster than before."

In the end, Eci's predictions were correct. That night would decide everything, but even though he prepared himself, his brothers, and his men, Eci still got caught off-guard. Suddenly, a weird sound began to be heard by the reptilians. However, they didn't see anything approaching. They even had set several campfires in the distance to make them notice the enemy's arrival, but that had been useless.

When they finally noticed what had happened, it was already too late. A massive swarm of giant bees attacked them from above. Although the monsters focused on attacking the bosses and applying the effects of Bleed on them, soon the bees spread around and began to attack the ordinary reptilians.

"They are just small fries! Don't fear and cut them to pieces!" Eci shouted.

Those creatures were nothing against the might of the reptilians. Moreover, not a single boss had fallen so far, so victory was more than assured. However, soon Eci heard other things, some high-pitching sounds began to be heard. It was almost inaudible thanks to the bees, but it was there. It didn't take long for Eci to confirm that he didn't imagine things because soon after, the bosses began to be hit with arrows on their heads, and they fell dead.

"East! He is in the East!" Eci shouted again. "Follow me! Once we kill him, his monsters will become a useless mob!"

Although that was absolutely true, Eci didn't think that Ryan would have more than a few tricks up his sleeve. He thought Ryan would retreat after seeing the entire army of reptilians heading toward him, but his predictions were off the mark. Before they could notice that something was off, fifteen or so bosses fell from Ryan's arrows. When the others got close enough to see him, they also saw the five T-rexes around him.

"Go on," Ryan said.

Just for a single second, the reptilians got surprised, but in that single second, the T-rexes attacked them and made several of the bosses fly. At the same time, Ryan fired three arrows and killed three other bosses. They thought the Giant Bees didn't hurt them, but they couldn't be more wrong. The Bleed status lowered their health just enough to grant Ryan the chance to kill them with a single attack.

Still, Ryan's turn to get surprised finally came. A T-rex tried to bit Eci, but he managed to stop the creature's mouth with his weapons. His vision field was a little obstructed thanks to the T-rexes, so Ryan couldn't use his bow. While he was thinking about what to do, Eci swung his swords and enlarged the smile on the T-rex face, and then he prepared a big swing. Suddenly, Eci's legs got stuck on the ground, and when he finally noticed that he had somehow sunk on the ground, a spear pierced his heart and paralyzed his body.

"Not enough, huh" Ryan frowned.

The monster's thick skin prevented Ryan from finishing it off, but the attack gave just enough time for the T-rex to recover and then prepare to bit Eci Ryan couldn't help furrow his eyebrows when he saw the creature being eaten alive. In any case, the shock only lasted for a second since Ryan saw one of his T-rexes falling. The battle had barely started, and they had already killed one of his five trump cards. Ryan couldn't relax

Ryan resumed his hunting, but this time, he focused on using the Paralyzing Spear whenever possible to save his T-rexes. They were his only shield that prevented the bosses from getting too close to him after all. However, despite his efforts, all of the T-rexes fell, and Ryan still could see five relatively well bosses facing him.

"As expected, I am not a master tactician"

Although the odds were against him, Ryan still had one trump card the reptilians didn't notice and that was the fact that Ryan's mana never decreased a single point in the entire battle.

Fighting like that would be very weird, but Ryan put his bow on his back and then equipped his wand and shield. When the bosses attacked him with a barrage of Water Spears, Ryan was sent flying backward even though he blocked the attacks. However, when he stopped, the monsters were still trembling due to the damage they suffered and gained just enough time to make Thunder Arrows fall over one of them. Another one fell. Ryan just had to kill four more.

"I can do this..."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1