Chapter 194: The Price Of Power.

Chapter 194: The price of power.

You obtained 40 coins.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Wand Mastery.

Effect: Increases damage when using wands by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

As expected, Ryan learned a skill, and even though it wasn't much, each level up would help him a lot because Ryan had many classes and skills that increased his intelligence.

"My intelligence decides the speed and strength of my magic attacks, but since I am indirectly controlling my magic weapons with magic, magic projectiles will always be faster than them. I can use Thunder Arrow to paralyze my foes and then finish them off with other magic weapons or even with a charged Power Shot. It will depend on how resistant they are to electricity."

Thunder Arrow was quite noisy, so Ryan wouldn't be able to surprise all members of a full reptilian party. However, it could help Ryan with something else. After taking some deep breaths, Ryan pointed the wand to his hand, and then he cast Thunder Arrow.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all electric-type attacks by one point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Electric Resistance has leveled up.

Electric Resistance Lv 1  Lv 5

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all electric-type attacks by one point per level.

You obtained 04 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Shock Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the effect caused by all electric-type attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Shock Resistance has leveled up.

Shock Resistance Lv 1  Lv 5

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all electric-type attacks by one point per level.

You obtained 04 status points.

"Urgh damn it it was worse than I thought. Still, I guess it was worth the hassle"

Ryan only aimed to scratch his hand, but in the end, the electric current didn't let him suffer just a little. Regardless, Ryan just confirmed several things with that, he could train his own resistance by wounding himself and that the system had skills that could resist negative effects. That will probably damage his psyche a little, but Ryan couldn't care less about such small details. As far as he was concerned, the world needed more crazy individuals now since reason didn't prevent the human race from being slaughtered by monsters.

Regardless, Ryan resumed his attack and proceeded to slaughter the reptilians. They only noticed the amount of damage Ryan had caused too late. After sunrise, the monsters noticed that one-fourth of her allies had been killed overnight. Some monsters took the fallen place, but this time, the encirclement had to shrink considerably.

"How many of them did I kill? Around three thousand? As expected, their numbers don't match. They can't have less than ten thousand soldiers"

Ryan imagined that some reptilians died when they tried to face the giant bees and velociraptors. Still, considering that they had won, they should have more monsters on their side since they leveled up and obtained the numerical advantage. There was always the chance that a good number of them would be staying around their dungeon, but leaving them there while they knew about a powerful enemy was massacring their forces, was stupid.

"No point in wondering about that eventually, I will get the answers that I want."

Although the encirclement decreased in size, things didn't get easier for Ryan. The distance between the parties still was one hundred meters. However, thanks to the fact that they retreated, the parties had fewer obstacles in their field of vision. Thus, they could notice Ryan's attacks much easily and thus counterattack. Considering their caution level, it was only obvious that will send more than five parties to hunt him down.

"Time to change tactics again"

Ryan had a few options, go all out to finish that job as fast as possible by using Power of Money. Or he could try to save his coins and slowly kill the monsters by combining skills like Earth Manipulation and Lullaby. By creating an underground route, Ryan would be able to approach unnoticed, and then to save some mana, he will use Lullaby, put the enemies to sleep, and then finish them off quietly. Both of the options were fairly good, but in the end, the first one was the best. Why? Because Ryan could hide inside some bushes and then kill the monsters without showing his position. However, the cost of that was a problem Ryan will have to spend 750 coins per monster.

"Screw it I will do this." Ryan muttered annoyed since he was sick of worrying about such a

things.

Instead of saving coins to buy things that might or might not appear in the dungeon shop, Ryan decided to use them to massacre the monsters. Thanks to that, the reptilians began to die so fast that some of them panicked without knowing what to do for the first time. When four hundred of them died in less than half an hour, the monsters finally decided to abandon their encirclement. Although Ryan had to spend three hundred thousand coins to do that, he only felt satisfied seeing those freaks running toward the hole they came from.

"Now I have some peace to investigate this city Still, I wonder if I should do it, this might have been a tactic to make me lower my guard."

Nashville was pretty much destroyed, so the number of places the monsters could hide was absurdly high. Although Ryan has been training Radar, the skill still had a long way to go before it becomes usable in that kind of situation. Still, Ryan decided to look for the giant bees and velociraptors' dungeon before anything. He would need those classes, and he still can do several things to prevent the ambush from those monsters. As long as he finds one of those dungeons, Ryan will be able to buy as many potions as he can, and thus such things won't become a problem anymore... hopefully.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1