Chapter 197: Surprises

Chapter 197: Surprises

Creating an underground path while killing the monsters made Ryan lose a lot of time since he had to make sure to kill all the members of a single party at the same moment. As if that wasn't enough, he also had to create some earth statues around the campfires. Otherwise, the other camps would notice that their friends had been killed. Fortunately, things proceeded fairly well thanks to Active Spiritual Recovery.

"This is good and all, but I wonder if I can improve all of this I feel like I need something else."

Ryan used Incomplete Reptilian Transformation on his head to increase his magic and recovery, and that helped a little, but that also increased his mana consumption. Suddenly, Ryan had the crazy idea of using that skill to invade the monsters' camp while looking like one of them. Still, soon Ryan discarded that idea for obvious reasons like, there wasn't a reptilian who was missing one hand.

After doing that for several hours, Ryan began to feel the temperature rising. A new morning was coming, and by the look of things, Ryan didn't even finish off half of the monsters, and he still had to deal with the bosses.

"Shit now what? I can't keep doing this forever."

Fortunately, Ryan had closed the holes he had created to kill the reptilians, so the others will never know what killed their allies probably. That boss could talk, and apparently, it had the same level of intelligence as the demon bosses, so Ryan couldn't just discard the possibility. In the end, Ryan decided to stay hidden underground and slowly kill the monsters one after the other while they investigate the surroundings.

In the beginning, things went smoothly as they could. The reptilians retreated when they noticed that some of their allies disappeared, and they even abandoned the velociraptors' dungeon. However, Ryan found some obstacles concrete and asphalt. Until now, he managed to approach through the areas that had only plain old earth, but now the urbanized area of Nashville was getting in his way.

"I will have to hide behind the rubble. There is plenty of destroyed building that I can use However, I am discovered while I am away from this hole things will get messy."

To avoid problems, Ryan decided only to observe the area after leaving the underground path he created. His first instinct was to head to the dungeon and tame a T-rex and then get his next class, but he couldn't let the same thing that happened previously happen again while he is so close to their base.

After slowly moving to East for a few minutes, Ryan finally found the reptilians' dungeon. Surprisingly enough, the damn place appeared in the middle of a park. Not so surprisingly enough, around forty reptilians heavily armed and wearing some impressive armor were guarding the place.

"The number of bosses decreased probably because these guys had to face some T-rexes. Ah now I understand that weird feeling. I overlooked before, the more a certain species of monster level up, the more bosses a dungeon spawns when a dungeon break happens that is some crazy shit."

Although that was a serious problem, it wasn't something Ryan had room to worry about. Those enemies were the only thing he could worry about at the moment. In any case, the things that didn't look it couldn't get worse. It got when Ryan used Appraisal.

Eci  Lv 65

Health: 3.500/3.500

Mana: 1.200/1.200

Stamina: 3.000/3.000

Strength: 450 (+50)

Dexterity: 350 (+100)

Speed: 450 (+150)

Intelligence: 550 (+100)

Endurance: 400 (+150)

Control: 450 (+150)

Mentality: 550 (+150)

Luck: 300

Recovery: 600 (+450)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Furious Charge Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 45, Swordsmanship Lv 80

Spells: Water Spear Lv 80

Support Skills: Water Resistance Lv 120, Wind Resistance Lv 60

"The heck? Why their levels"

The level of the enemies suddenly spiked, but then Ryan quickly found an explanation. In a battle, those who contributed most received more rewards. Considering that the number of minions was relatively small, but the number of bosses was relatively high, it was safe to conclude that the bosses did most of the job in the fight against the T-rexes. Or maybe they used their minions like cannon fodder.

Although most of the bosses were pretty similar and used basically the same armor, their weapons varied. Swords, spears, hammers, knives just like the succubus, each boss of the reptilians' dungeon were different beings. Maybe that was a common feature for dungeons that were controlled by sapient beings, but the bosses that spawned in dungeon breaks couldn't be the same

"I keep thinking about those things when the easy way to obtain answers is to invade another planet Let's focus on the task of eliminating all of them. The rest can wait."

Ryan has focused on the task again. Still, he couldn't think of any way of defeating those forty creatures before he gets surrounded. Maybe a shot with his special arrows and a few seconds of a charged Power Shot will do the trick. Still, it wasn't nearly enough to win.

Considering that another dungeon break was supposed to happen in less than a week, time wasn't something Ryan didn't have, and since they weren't stupid, the reptilians will wait exactly for that. The mission will only become harder, so Ryan couldn't just get his next class in the T-Rexes dungeon and then leave.

"Wait a minute maybe time is actually on my side. If I use certain skills, then I..."

Ryan used Search and then confirmed that his slimes were still alive on the Giant Bees' dungeon. That was weird since the skill didn't level up most likely, it worked in the same manner as his taming skills. Regardless, the Giant Bees weren't leaving the dungeon thanks to the slimes, and if Ryan also obtains full control over the velociraptors' dungeon things were starting to get interesting.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1