Chapter 198: Class: Sorcerer

Chapter 198: Class: Sorcerer

Ryan retreated and then entered the velociraptors' dungeon. If those freaks really wanted to protect their dungeon that badly, Ryan gladly will let them. In exchange for that, they will have some unpleasant surprises in a few days.

Just as Ryan had expected, a T-Rex was there waiting for him when he reached the final part of the dungeon. Without thinking too much about it, Ryan beat the crap out of the monster and then used Tame.

Tyrannosaurus Rex- Lv 44

Health: 111/1800

Mana: 900/900

Stamina: 1500/1500

Strength: 450

Dexterity: 250

Speed: 150

Intelligence: 150

Endurance: 800

Control: 200

Mentality: 350

Luck: 200

Recovery: 500

Willpower: 350

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 40

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 50

Spells: Scream Lv 40

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 70

"Not bad, I guess Still, it won't be enough to take even a single of reptilians' bosses. My monsters can't leave the dungeon, so I will have to train them here."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Knight, Pirate, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

With the things Ryan had in mind to do the next few days, the best option was to pick Sorcerer. Still, since that had been a regular occurrence these days, he began to question whether if it was fine or not to choose such a class. Magic classes were useful, but when it comes down to it, they weren't even close in terms of utility with his classes that are related to physical long-ranged attacks. In the end, Ryan chose to be a Sorcerer.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Sorcerer!

You obtained the following skills: Fire Prison, Ice Chains, and Quagmire.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by two points, your stamina, health, recovery, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Prison.

Effect: it creates a prison of flames that causes damage over time on that inside of it.

Cost: 10 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Chains.

Effect: You summon Ice Chains from the ground to stop your foes' movements and apply the slow effect on their legs.

Cost: 30 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Quagmire.

Effect: Creates a quagmire beneath your foes.

Cost: 20 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

After that, Ryan healed the T-rex, he returned to the dungeon's entrance and bought as many potions as he could. He also used them soon after because he summoned Giant Bees whenever he had the chance. In just a few hours, he had used all his coins, but in exchange, Ryan managed to summon six hundred giant bees, and now the dungeon was noisy as hell.

Congratulations! The skill Summon Giant Bee has leveled up.

Summon Giant Bee Lv 1  Lv 16

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a Giant Bee.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 16 status points.

"Well, now you can go and play with the T-rex," Ryan gave the order to his monsters.

Although Ryan said play, it was more like bullying. The giant bees attacked the T-rex non-stop, and in order to prevent its death, Ryan mounted on the creatures' back and used Protect and Heal. Although that weird method of training wouldn't make his archer skills better, it was crazily efficient. After all, Ryan was training four skills at the same time while increasing the Pain Resistance of the T-rex. It was even better since the Giant Bees didn't have to use mana to keep attacking. At the end of the first day, Ryan made his Summon Giant Bee reach level twenty, and when the new T-rex appeared, Call already was at a level where Ryan could tame another monster.

"Hehe, now we are talking. It looks like be a monster tamer is an easy way to become strong. However, given that one needs a lot of mana, anyone who wants to follow this route will end up becoming weak physically and probably won't have many offensive skills."

Such a thing wasn't a problem if someone can find a safe place to stay while the monsters do all the work. However, it was evident that the monsters needed some support. Otherwise, they would die quickly, and the tamer or summoner will have a hard time trying to find new monsters and train them.

It didn't take long for Ryan to notice that his training method couldn't improve any further. Although he was using status points, the T-rexes obtained to increase their recovery. It wasn't enough, given that the Giant Bees were also getting stronger. Heal was also leveling up quite nicely, but even so

"Next time, I should specifically look for a monster that can use healing skills. However, instead of using it to guard a dungeon, I should keep it with me for this kind of situation."

Although it was an advantage that the giant bees didn't have to use mana, it also meant that the T-rexes couldn't train a skill to counter their attacks. Although Pain Resistance was useful, it couldn't decrease the power of their attacks.

In any case, after five days, Ryan had five pretty well-trained T-rex under his control, and the Giant Bees were at level forty. Although he could make the skills level up a bit more, Ryan decided to stop that training and then focus on summoning more Giant Bees. When the entire dungeon was overflowing with monsters, Ryan decided that it was time to move on and put his plans in action. He didn't know if he could win just by using some monsters, but at the very least, Ryan knew that he did everything he could.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1