Chapter 193: Live And Learn

Chapter 193: Live and learn

Much to Ryan's annoyance, the same thing happened over and over again. Eventually, after he killed hundreds of Reptilians, they decreased the size of their encirclement by taking retreating a little. However, that much progress wasn't enough for Ryan.

"I wonder why I didn't see any other species of monsters until now all the other big cities had at least four dungeons nearby them. Also, this encirclement is quite bold considering that dragons can appear left and right."

It was getting late, and the sun was setting, so Ryan could always infiltrate at night by flying using an earth platform. However, that was only avoiding the problem, not solving it, and he also could get surrounded by the monsters if something goes wrong.

"I guess I will have to do that again in order to save time."

By that, Ryan meant to use the Power of Money. By using that skill, he could attack and kill the monsters even faster than he could with his bow. The first attack would be the key. Ryan needed to exterminate an entire Reptilians party without giving them a single second to alert their allies. Fortunately, he already knew how to do that.

After sunset, Ryan began to fly using an earth platform. Thanks to the darkness of the night and the fact the monsters made bonfires to illuminate things around them. The monsters never noticed their approach or when he used Wind Manipulation to make his magic weapons fly toward the heads of a party of Reptilians. At the same time, Ryan fired a single arrow and completely destroyed the head of one of them. A few moments later, the magic weapons did their magic, and Ryan finally finished things off with Power of Money.

"Success still, when those bastards are going to leave their weapons behind? Their spears always disappear when they die, but they seem pretty sharp"

Putting such things aside, Ryan decided to work fast. He couldn't let the monsters notice that something happened. Even though everything was dark, every single bit of noise could be heard from hundred meters away.

"The magic weapons can do half of the job, but things could become much faster if I had made some knives with the scales live and learn. Adapt, overcome, improvise."

Ryan repeated the same thing he did several times previously, but instead of flying on an earth platform, he did it from the ground. Although his coins weren't increasing since he was constantly using Power of Money, at the very least, he managed to eliminate several parties in just a few hours. Also, Ryan finally noticed why he didn't see any other monster until now. It was because of the encirclement the Reptilians were killing all the monsters that were spawning in the area for some reason.

Giant Bee  Lv 34

Health: 330/330

Mana: 550/550

Stamina: 550/550

Strength: 160

Dexterity: 430

Speed: 470

Intelligence: 120

Endurance: 155

Control: 360

Mentality: 160

Luck: 250

Recovery: 270

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sting Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Bleed Lv 25

Spells: Fly Lv 35

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 60

Velociraptor Lv 40

Health: 500/500

Mana: 400/400

Stamina: 700/700

Strength: 350

Dexterity: 150

Speed: 300 (+100)

Intelligence: 250 (+50)

Endurance: 350 (+100)

Control: 150 (+50)

Mentality: 160 (+100)

Luck: 50

Recovery: 300 (+80)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sting Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Bleed Lv 25

Spells: Fly Lv 35

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 60

"That is odd but I guess that would explain why their levels are higher."

Again, Ryan could understand that fighting against other species will make the monsters stronger. Still, he couldn't understand how come the Reptilians managed to take over Nashville's entire territory. They were stronger than the Giant Bees and Velociraptors, but not enough to dominate them completely. Considering the dungeon breaks, Ryan thought that the dinosaurs would have the upper hand thanks to the T-rexes. Still, it seemed a bit too soon to consider that since Ryan had no idea what were the Reptilian's bosses. Against that level of power, only raw power wouldn't be enough, but perhaps if the bosses were sapient creatures...

"At-rex will definitely be a pretty good tamed monster in this area. Not only a creature like that will give me a decent vantage point, but it will also draw the monsters' attention."

In any case, despite the fact that Ryan broke and was completely destroying the monsters' encirclement, he didn't find a single T-rex. That was quite surprising, but it looked like the reptilians completely subjugated the monsters spawned during those seven weeks and those that appeared thanks to the dungeon break.

Ryan's blood began to boil since that was a sign that they concluded that humans were no longer a treat he will make sure to pay them dearly for that as if he was possessed by something, Ryan began to hunt the reptilians even faster than before. He didn't want to let his rage control his actions, but the idea of another species of monsters looking down on him was unbearable. Fortunately, Ryan stuck with his tactics at the very least, and he kept slaying those creatures without being noticed. However, eventually, Ryan was forced to stop because something interesting appeared.

Elves Wand

Effect: Grant you the power to use the skill: Thunder Arrow Lv 20. Intelligence + 30.

Cost: 20 mana

"Well, well it looks I finally got lucky. Although this isn't a bow or a crossbow, such skill will definitely come in handy. The paralyzing effect of electric attacks is something I have been waiting for."

Ryan wasn't the type of person who believed in fate and destiny, but he decided to think that he had been rewarded for keeping his cool at a decent level. Regardless, despite the fact that such skill wasn't actually his, the wand will join the ranks of his useful magic weapons. For someone like him who focused on surprise attacks and speed, electric attacks will decrease Ryan's chances of getting caught off guard. Hopefully, he will learn a skill by using the weapon as well.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1