Chapter 192: Reptilians

Chapter 192: Reptilians

After seeing dragons flying more than a few times, Ryan noticed a few patterns. It was really simple, but if he were close to the east coast, the dragons would always appear coming from the east and head west. In the opposite situation, the opposite would also happen. After thinking for a while, Ryan concluded that some dragons were just that weak. After noticing that the battle wouldn't become easy against the megalodons, they would change their hunting spot. He will have to see the dragons fighting on the ocean to confirm that, but Ryan was fairly confident on that theory. So, right now, he was hiding a few kilometers away from the West side of Nashville, hunting reptilians and waiting for a dragon to show up.

Reptilian  Lv 45

Health: 750/750

Mana: 750/750

Stamina: 750/750

Strength: 350 (+40)

Dexterity: 350 (+40)

Speed: 350 (+100)

Intelligence: 350 (+50)

Endurance: 350 (+150)

Control: 350 (+50)

Mentality: 350 (+50)

Luck: 350

Recovery: 350 (+200)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Furious Charge Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 20

Spells: Water Spear Lv 50

Support Skills: Water Resistance Lv 80, Wind Resistance Lv 40

"Mmm they have some well-balanced status. Still, it is kind of weird that I know I have their DNA on me. In any case, it is kind of surprising that they have the same level as the succubus. They don't seem much more troublesome like them. From my perspective, melee monsters are kind of easy to hunt. The only problem is their endurance and recovery."

Reptilians were humanoid creatures that could walk on two feet and also had spears as their weapons. They were similar to Sahuagins, but their green hide seemed sturdier. Despite their status, they were heavy and could create small craters when they jump since they had a great physique and were two meters tall. Surprisingly enough, they were pretty quick on their feet as well.

Although Ryan could easily kill them with his ordinary shots, he couldn't because the monsters always walked in six groups. Ryan never saw them talking, but they were smart enough to use their numbers and make create a perfect encirclement around Nashville. The very moment Ryan starts a fight, the next two groups of Reptilians one hundred meters away will definitely appear before he finishes the first six. If things go wrong, other groups may also join the fight. That would be disastrous in more senses than one.

"Shit I don't have time to be cautious against small fries I have to keep advancing as fast as possible, but..."

Although that also worked well for Ryan, the fact that Ryan had many obstacles, such as trees, prevented him from sniping the monsters from so much far away. If Ryan creates a tower with Earth Manipulation, he might nullify that problem. However, he will also reveal himself to the monsters. In the end, he decided to do exactly that. First things first, he had to create holes in that encirclement, and Ryan will only achieve that by killing those creatures.

"This will be a good practice I need to make the most out of this situation, anyway."

After he created his vantage point, Ryan could see the city ahead of him quite well, and despite some exceptions, he also could see the Reptilians and their encirclement. His range had become greater than that, but currently, Ryan was five hundred meters away from the monsters. He decided to attack from that distance because even though his range was greater, he needed some time to aim. From that distance, Ryan only needed two seconds.

Without wasting time, Ryan began his attack. When his first arrow struck the head of the first monster, the creature fell dead instantly. The other Reptilians frowned since they didn't understand what had happened. When the creatures finally noticed the arrow, another victim had fallen. At that exact same moment, the monsters grunted, and Ryan heard that even from very far away. He didn't know what they said, but Ryan imagined the translation since four groups began to run toward his direction.

You obtained 40 coins.

You obtained 40 coins.

Thanks to the obstacles, Ryan managed to eliminate two full entire parties before the monsters finally saw him. Enraged, the creatures fired Water Spears toward him, but they only hit Ryan's vantage point and saved him from the trouble of destroying it. While Ryan was fallen after jumping from the tower, three other Reptilians fell dead after being attacked by behind by Ryan's spear, sword and hammer.

Ryan surprised the enemies by hiding his weapons behind some bushes. He thought the shock would also paralyze the other monsters but it didn't. The creatures ignored their fallen friends and attacked Ryan with more Water Spears before he could land. Their attack sent Ryan flying for dozens of meters, but thanks to his shield's effect, they also suffered some damage. Thanks to that surprise, Ryan gained a few more seconds to attack three other monsters with his magic weapons.

At that point in time, the Reptilians were smart enough to understand that they couldn't kill Ryan, so they did the only thing they could do run away. Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance since it was clear that they wanted to alert their friends. Although he could chase them by using some buffs, he didn't have enough mana. His backpack was filled with them, but he had decided to use them only against the big guns. In the end, Ryan managed to kill three of those six thanks to Power of Money.

"Let's hide and see what they are going to do now."

Much to Ryan's surprise, nothing really changed. For a while, the hole on the encirclement stayed there, but then eventually, four new parties arrived to close the hole. Although that wasn't so bad, it wasn't exactly good for Ryan either since it was just too weird.

"Let's see if they will keep doing that for long." Ryan smiled viciously.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1