Chapter 200: New Tome

Chapter 200: New Tome

The bosses only noticed what was going on when they attacked again, and another one fell due to the Thunder Arrows. As expected, they weren't good against electric attacks. However, now they knew that they couldn't let Ryan block their attacks. Slowly, the monsters began to walk around him, forming an encirclement.

"I am starting to hate this habit of yours" Ryan muttered.

Fortunately, Ryan had a way to counter those freaks. He activated Radar and then used Wind Magic to control his hammer, spear, and sword. However, the monsters decided to be even more annoying, and they cast several Water Spears at the same time. Ryan was able to block only one of them with his shield, but the other magic projectiles stopped before hitting him.

"That used a lot of mana I am lucky that my bees can restore it thanks to Active Spiritual Recovery," Ryan said and then turned the Water Lances into spheres of water. "You guys are resistant against water, right? But what will happen if I drench you and then attack with Thunder Arrows?"

The bosses finally recovered from the surprise of their failure and used their spears to block the water spheres Ryan fired at them. However, Ryan didn't lose control over it and managed to drench the monsters with water. After that, he made Thunder Arrows rain over the monsters. Unfortunately, before he could kill them, the remaining monster charged and tried to take Ryan's head with a spear, but he reacted on time to block it with his shield.

A part of the damage was reflected to the monster, and Ryan used that chance to finish off the beast. The other two were half-dead, so they weren't much of a treat. In the end, Ryan sighed in relief since his plan somehow worked to a certain extent.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

The battle wasn't over yet, but Ryan was exhausted since he barely had time to sleep in the last week. So, he used the mana his monsters were obtaining to summon even more monsters he deserved at least a few minutes of rest. In any case, without their leaders, the reptilians weren't much stronger than monsters like golems. In the end, Ryan's bees finished things off for him.

"Holy crap" Ryan said, shocked at the scene he caused. "To think that I could cause so much destruction and gain so much loot."

Although Eci gave Ryan a pair of powerful swords, the bosses didn't drop anything close to it. Still, his defensive gear could finally be upgraded a little bit. Although Ryan also felt weird wearing it, he decided to equip a helmet as well. One that could cover his entire face. After noticing how useful Power of Money could be, it would be insanity to keep his eyes unprotected. The chances of him finding a monster or human who could use such skill were low, but Ryan decided to be careful anyway.

Silver Chainmail

Effect: Health + 15, Endurance + 15

Durability: 60/60

Iron Boots

Effect: Endurance + 10, Mentality + 10

Durability: 50/50

Silver Helmet

Effect: Endurance + 15, Mentality + 15

Durability: 50/50

"Enough resting," Ryan said and then got up. "The dungeon breaks will happen in a few hours. I don't know what I will find south of here, but I guess I should retreat to the base. I need to see the results of Mark's work and then research who this Echidna is. I don't think it is the name of a demon, but"

After the things that happened lately, Ryan wasn't confident in his judgment anymore. He had a planet to arrive at Miami in a week, but he didn't cover even one-third of that distance in the end. To make matters worse, dragons will become even more active on the continent since the number of megalodons will increase. Ryan needed to obtain new classes to obtain more power, but he also needed to find a way to deal with the oceans' threat.

Regardless, Ryan decided to check the dungeon shop before clearing the dungeon. Thanks to the bosses, now he had 1.5 million coins. Hopefully, he could buy an excellent tome with that. Fortunately, his guess was right this time. Ryan could obtain a tome that will teach him how to fly or how to summon a golem. Those seemed nice, but Ryan just saw some tomes that seemed far more appealing.

Earth Transformation Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to transform the earth element, and it also increases the power of all earth attacks by one percent.

Price: 1.000.000 coins

The tomes that also had the utility in the other elements had the same price. Thanks to that, Ryan had no idea which one to pick, all what he knew was that he needed them because they, without a doubt, will increase his skill at countering the elemental attacks of the enemies.

"So far, most enemies had a high level of Fire Resistance. However, I didn't see many who had high-level resistances of water and ice transform the elements is the same thing as making them stronger, right? The second effect is like that, so Water Transformation will grant me the power to make the water turn into ice hopefully."

That seemed like another bet. Although Ryan still didn't know which classes he will be able to pick in that dungeon, he still decided to select that tome. In the end, his suspicions were correct. With Water Transformation, he could transform water into ice and make it as hard as hell.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Water Transformation.

Effect: It grants you the power to transform the water element, and it also increases the power of all water attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

After doing some tests, Ryan also confirmed that he could control the water in the atmosphere and then turn it into eventual ice. The process was kind of slow since he was preserving his mana, and the skill was at a low-level. However, Ryan understood that such a technique would help him a lot more than he had imagined.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1