Chapter 9: Improve, Adapt, Overcome.

Chapter 9: Improve, Adapt, Overcome.

Ryan wanted to check the items session, but another slime appeared. This time he had marked the time and confirmed that the slimes appeared every one hundred seconds.

"So, this is really a dungeon that can spawn six slimes every ten minutes, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin. "This might be actually very useful for me."

Ryan didn't know if the slimes would spawn at the same spot, but if they do, hunting them at that exact place would be extremely convenient for him. He would just have to wait for them to appear, and then he would be able to kill them with ease and efficiency. Thanks to Power Shot once again, Ryan managed to kill the slime. That was the seventh, but instead of satisfied, Ryan felt that like something was wrong.

You obtained one coin.

"Am I adapting to this too fast?" Ryan frowned. "It can't be that just some experience in hunting and using bows made things so easy for me"

Ryan was aware that he was abusing the slimes' weakness, but still things were still progressing too favorably for him. In the end, slimes weren't that resilient, they had a lot of firepower, but they could be killed by getting hit by a single arrow on their core. Still, they were slimes, probably the weakest race of monsters. So, it was only obvious that humans would get used to them first.

"I can't just assume things without enough information, but" Ryan hesitated. "I wonder if I will find only slimes here. If this place only respawns slimes, then this dungeon can work as a tutorial for humans. I just hope that treating everything like a game won't get me killed."

While Ryan was worried about that, he suddenly recalled his teenage years. Although his father preferred that he would spend more time playing outside, and Daniel, despite being a guy who was good at many sports, also liked to play computer games. They played many games together and explored many dungeons, and at the end of those dungeons, they always found a boss.

"Maybe it isn't a good idea to look for the place where the slimes are respawning" Ryan forced a smile. "Still I don't remember any dungeons that had just one type of monster. Then again, I can't expect that things, in reality, would be like computer games."

Ryan was quite troubled because one of the things his father taught him was not to second guess himself in crucial moments. If anything, when in doubt, it was better to fail by trying to reach the best outcome than not trying by fearing the failure.

Regardless, Ryan still had to see what other things he could acquire in the dungeon shop. In the 'items' option, he only found potions being sold potions that could restore fifty points of his health, mana, and stamina, and their price was only fifty coins.

"This isn't so bad once I have enough coins, I should buy those," Ryan concluded. "It is not like I have to drink the whole bottle all at once, after all."

The next option was even more surprising than Ryan had expected, he found tomes being sold there just by touching those books, he could learn all types of skills and spells! However, their prices were absurd.

Earth Needle Tome  3000 coins

Water Needle Tome  3000 coins

Fire Needle Tome  3000 coins

Wind Needle Tome  3000 coins

Earth Bullet Tome  5000 coins

Water Bullet Tome  5000 coins

Fire Bullet Tome  5000 coins

Wind Bullet Tome  5000 coins

"Well at least now I know that it is possible to learn spells by buying tomes," Ryan shrugged. "It will take a lot of time for me to have the chance to buy them, but it is better than trying to learn them on my own without a single clue of how to do it."

In the specials section, Ryan only found two things being sold there. Some handcuffs that could stop people from using spells, and some crystals that could work as lamps and illuminate the area around for a few days. Both of them cost five hundred coins, and even though Ryan wanted to use those crystals, he didn't have the coins to buy them.

Ryan already had a goal, which was to obtain twenty coins and buy a wooden bow. Now he just has to work toward that goal and hope that he won't lose his head before it. Although it would, without a doubt being dangerous, he decided to explore the dungeon's interior. Maybe he could really find a boss at the end of it, but perhaps he could find some treasure. Even if it weren't a bow, he would welcome anything that can increase his survivability even a little bit.

"Just keep your cool, Ryan," Ryan muttered while he walked and observed the shadows of the dungeon changing shape and scaring the crap out of him. "You don't have to worry about monsters made of shadows probably. Perhaps in the future, you will have to worry about them, but not in this place hopefully."

Ryan couldn't let himself get exhausted in that kind of situation, so even though his next arrow was nocked, his muscles were relaxed. If he gets tired outside the battles, his accuracy will drop, so he couldn't let that happen.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fear Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the effect of magic attacks that may cause fear by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"It looks like this one will be easy to level up in this place," Ryan forced a smile. "Now that I think about it, instead of exploring this place, I should have used my head to try and learn several types of different skills."

Maybe if Ryan had tried to make a sandwich or something, he would learn the cooking skill. Perhaps waiting for that was a bit too much, even considering that dragons appeared out of nowhere, but Ryan wouldn't lose anything by trying.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1