Chapter 8: Dungeon Shop

Chapter 8: Dungeon Shop

Ryan waited for the moment when the slime left the dungeon. As if the creature knew from the beginning that he was there, it turned around and faced him. However, before the monster could do anything, an arrow hit its core.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stealth.

Effect: Increases the chances of you causing critical damage when attacking first by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Good, the arrowhead didn't suffer any damage" Ryan said and then looked around once more. "If this weren't an open space, this would be a great place to kill slimes."

There was no point in dwelling on that, so Ryan entered the cave. As expected, the place really looked out of place. Although the passageway was perfectly round, the walls were uneven, and, in some parts, Ryan could even see sharp points. That could easily kill a human being in an accident.

"I have to move," Ryan said. "Although things might be dangerous if I find the place where the slimes spawn, it will be much better than letting any other enemy feel my presence and come to look for me in this cave."

Ryan could tell that his skill with a bow had gotten better. However, there were things that a simple composite bow and a few arrows couldn't solve. In fact, the number of things that could solve was extremely limited. Regardless, when Ryan stepped into the cave, something appeared in front of him.

Weapons

Armor

Accessories

Items

Tomes

Specials

"What the" Ryan frowned.

Although that caught him by surprise, it didn't take long for Ryan to understand what was going on just by seeing the options that appeared before him. After touching the first option, several other options appeared in front of Ryan that was a shop a shop that could only be accessed by the people who were brave or stupid enough to get close to a dungeon.

Rustic Knife  10 coins

Rustic Sword  20 coins

Wooden Bow  20 coins

Short Spear  25 coins

Wood Shield  25 coins

Iron Knife  40 coins

Iron Short Sword  50 coins

Iron Short Spear  60 coins

The things Ryan could buy were quite numerous, but he didn't have enough coins to buy anything. However, the wooden bow still took his interest, and he decided to check it.

Wooden Bow

Effect: Consumes one point of mana to create a wooden arrow.

Durability: 30/30

Although usually weapons were supposed to increase their users' damage and status, it looked like that bow was so weak that it couldn't do any of those. Regardless, Ryan still wanted to buy it because of the effect the bow would grant him.

"The problem is: I will have to spend some time to get used to a new weapon," Ryan rubbed his chin. "That might cause my death"

That was true, but then Ryan an idea. He would use that wooden bow just to create new arrows, and he would fight using the bow his father gave him. Of course, he would have to get used to regular wooden arrows, but it would be much easier and faster to get used to new projectiles instead of a new bow.

In any case, Ryan would have to kill fifteen more slimes to be able to buy the bow. So, he could only wait patiently for it. Considering that he would be able to fabricate new arrows without wasting time, Ryan would be able to kill the slimes using Power Shot.

"I have thirteen non-damaged arrows," Ryan muttered. "Even if every Power Shot damages one of them, I should be able to avoid the worst outcome. Although the damaged arrowheads will change the course of the projectiles, as long as I take that into account, I should be able to use them."

Ryan wanted to check the other options, but it looked like he would have to do that later because he could hear the sound of a slime approaching. The cave wasn't as dark as he had imagined, but he still couldn't see the end of it. He could only see thirty meters ahead.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Perception.

Effect: Increases your senses' range by one meter per level in dark areas or at night.

You obtained 01 status point.

After nocking the arrow, Ryan aimed and waited for the slime. The creature's core was always located at the very center of its body. So, Ryan didn't hesitate to fire his arrow when he saw a formless shadow leaving the dungeon's darkness.

You obtained one coin.

"I had decided to hide inside this place, but it looks like I won't be able to do that without a flashlight," Ryan said and then picked the one he had put in his backpack. "Still, even if I use this, things won't be easy. Not only will I reveal my position to the slimes, but the flashlight won't last forever."

While Ryan was using a piece of his shirt to tie his flashlight in his bow, he decided to recheck the shop. Although some armor would be helpful to stay alive, Ryan didn't have the intention of spending the few coins he had in protective gear for the time being. He was a faithful follower of the belief that the best form of defense was a dropkick, after all. Instead of slowing down himself with armor or anything similar, he would focus on increasing his firepower.

Old Ring of Health  50 coins

Old Ring of Mana  50 coins

Old Ring of Stamina  50 coins

Old Ring of the Fighter  50 coins

Old Ring of the Archer  50 coins

Old Ring of the Thief  50 coins

Old Ring of the Wizard  50 coins

Old Ring of the Protector  50 coins

Although those rings seemed pretty useful, their cost was a bit high given that they only increased stats by a single point. Probably Ryan would be able to trade them with other people when the time comes, so it would work as a type of currency. Considering that, it was better than spending status points on his attributes that couldn't be changed later.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1