Chapter 6: Offensive Skill

Chapter 6: Offensive Skill

At that point in time, Ryan couldn't help but frown while he was reading the last notification. He knew that his father taught him many things related to hunting, but he didn't think all those things could become skills like that how could he?

Regardless, Ryan finally learned an offensive skill, and now that he thought about it, he could feel himself a bit more tired, probably because he used his stamina when he learned that skill involuntarily.

Class: --/--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 9/10 (0,0016)

Mana: 10/10 (0,0016)

Stamina: 9/10 (0,0016)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 15 (+1)

Speed: 08

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 01

Willpower: 09

Coins: 03

Status: 01

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 01, Concentration Lv 01, Archery Lv 01, Accuracy Lv 01, Pain Resistance Lv 01,

Spells:

Support Spells: Earth Resistance Lv 01

"It is actually true" Ryan said after checking his status screen. "I actually used my stamina now that I think about it, I can't neglect health, mana, and stamina. I focused too much on dexterity because I felt too excited imagining my skill with the bow improving magically."

In any case, it wasn't time to get excited. Ryan found an unexpected place where he could hide: the cave where the slimes were probably coming from. Although it wasn't a safe place, he would rather face slimes than flying monsters. The chances of those monsters looking for humans in dungeons probably were low maybe. Even if that wasn't the case, the chances of Ryan finding a swarm of monsters or even dragons in an open space were higher.

"Just to be safe, I should watch that cave for a while," Ryan concluded.

For the better or worse, humans could obtain skills, level them up, obtain status, and grow stronger. So, it was evident that Ryan's best option was to do that as soon as possible, and he couldn't imagine any type of monster more convenient for that than slimes. However, once Ryan recovered the arrow he used, he confirmed that things wouldn't be so easy. The arrowhead had been damaged and lost its tip. Slimes had a lot of firepowers, but they weren't that easy to kill.

"I don't have the materials necessary to repair this, but I should keep it just in case I find them," Ryan muttered while he was storing the arrow in his backpack.

When Ryan finished doing that, he managed to see the exact time a slime left that cave it was really a dungeon. He didn't know why a dungeon was spawning monsters, nor did he understand the logic behind it, all that Ryan knew was the fact that Earth changed. Humans would have to adapt themselves to the changes, or they would face extinction. Things would be harsh. Ryan understood that because the slime that left the dungeon didn't think twice and headed toward his direction even though the monster didn't see Ryan.

"It looks like they can feel my presence. That was why the slimes headed to the top of the mountain so fast," Ryan said. "Fight against the slimes in a confined space will be difficult perhaps I should also increase my speed in order to dodge their attacks with more ease, but I also have to worry about my arrows they won't last forever."

Ryan didn't know for how long he would last with those arrows, he would have to find a way to make more of them, but first, he had to increase his survivability by learning new skills and possibly leveling up the ones he already has. However, before walking to the cave, Ryan checked the situation in that region. The number of creatures in the sky flying was increasing, and even though that was supposed to be a calm area, he could see cars moving around as fast as possible. Some of the houses he could see were on fire, and he could even see humans. Trying to run away from monsters that he couldn't see yet.

Ryan began to wonder if hiding and obtaining power for himself was really the right thing to do. He wasn't a soldier, nor a police officer, but he could kill slimes with his bow perhaps he could try to help those people and then help each other when the time comes, but Ryan quickly shook those thoughts out of his head.

"I'm not a hero even if I help a few people, I will end up overexposing myself since the monsters are clearly heading toward where humans are," Ryan said. "Walking in a big group isn't safe in this kind of situation it is a pity, but I can't, nor do I want to risk my life for strangers."

Ryan could only pray that the humans would find on their own some way to avoid the monsters. Although he wished to start a new life away from others and live just like that for a while, he was fully aware that he couldn't just ignore others' death. Right now, he didn't have the power to help others, but in the long term, it would be better to whenever possible to prevent human deaths.

While Ryan was thinking about that, suddenly, he felt a wave of energy passing through his body. Then his body got a little bit lighter just as if the last few moments never happened. The pain in his ear also decreased quite a bit. When Ryan touched the wound, he confirmed that the bleeding had stopped, and as weirdly as that looked, he had regenerated a part of his ear.

" I guess not only the world changed," Ryan said after recovering from the surprise. "Humans changed too. We still are made of flesh and bones, but it looks like now that we are more or less became like game characters that can heal pretty fast."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1