Chapter 3: Slime'S Power

Chapter 3: Slime's power

" Status screen," Ryan said after hesitating a little bit.

Class: --/--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 10 (0,0016)

Mana: 10 (0,0016)

Stamina: 10 (0,0016)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 09

Speed: 08

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 01

Willpower: 09

Coins:00

Status: 00

After seeing a new semi-transparent blue screen appearing in front of him, Ryan punched himself instead of trying to touch it. In the end, he regretted that because he punched himself seriously and without holding back. He wasn't dreaming. He wasn't hallucinating dragons appeared, and now he could see a game screen in the real world. Instead of negating that fact, he just has to accept it and moved on.

"Skill list," Ryan said this time without hesitation.

Skill List

Active Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Spells:

"This one is a bit more believable" Ryan said. "Still what the hell is going on?"

While Ryan was questioning himself, suddenly, his car got hit by something, and the windshield broke into several pieces. Without thinking, Ryan protected his eyes and then grabbed the composed bow and quiver after crunching down. He didn't know what hit the car, but Ryan knew that he couldn't let himself being hit by that.

Ryan opened the door, but before leaving the vehicle, he observed the terrain around. There were plenty of trees that he could use to hide, there was one only ten meters away from him, and it was large enough to block whatever hit his car. Once he confirmed the tree's position, Ryan began to run but still looked in the direction where the attack came off only to see a weird semi-transparent creature firing what seemed to be an Earth Arrow.

"What the"

Ryan threw himself on the floor, and then the Earth Arrow hit the door of his car and easily pierced and destroyed it. This time he didn't confirm or tried to look at that weird monster. Ryan just got up and then hid behind the tree.

"That was a slime a freaking slime," Ryan muttered. "Dragons and slimes is this for real?"

Ryan's father taught him not to think too much about the things he couldn't understand, but upon seeing a slime that could easily destroy his car, it was impossible to do something like that. Ryan felt shivers when something hit that tree and made it tremble to the point which Ryan could feel the roots moving.

It has been quite a while since Ryan had used that bow. If he could remember well, he used it on the summer vacation of last year. His skills probably have grown rusty, but Ryan didn't think twice in nocking an arrow and focused himself. After closing his eyes, Ryan recalled the last fifteen seconds, and in the blink of an eye, he understood one thing the slime could only attack once every five seconds. Five seconds was the interval between its attacks and when Ryan heard the tree getting hit again, he left his position and aimed.

"No wind, the target isn't moving fifteen meters away," Ryan muttered and then relaxed his left arm while he adjusted his aim, and then he fired.

The arrow easily pierced the slime, but Ryan didn't see anything different from the creature. If anything, it was just moving as usual and waiting for the chance to attack again. Then, Ryan noticed the creature had a core. Unless he attacks more than a few times or hits that core, the slime wouldn't die.

Ryan hid between the tree again when he saw an Earth Arrow appearing in front of the slime. Half a second later, the tree got hit, and Ryan could feel it inclining to the side two more attacks, and the slime would be able to knock down a tree alone.

"For real? A slime has the power to knock down a massive tree?" Ryan muttered in shock.

It wasn't time to worry about that. Ryan had to kill the slime as fast as possible because he didn't know when the next monster would appear. He just saw dozens of dragons suddenly appearing in the sky, after all, and then a slime appeared in front of his car for all he knew, there was a chance that monsters could respawn in his toilet.

Ryan didn't have the confidence to hit the ten centimeters long core, but he didn't have any other choice. After showing himself again, Ryan frowned when he saw the slime finally moving. He didn't know why the creature was doing that, but the monster was slow. Ryan could outrun it even while walking.

" Did this thing use all of its mana?" Ryan asked himself.

Ryan recalled that he had mana in the HUD in the corner of his vision, so there was a chance that such a monster had run out of fuel. Either day, it didn't matter. Ryan focused on the task and then shot surprisingly. His arrow hit the core.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Archery.

Effect: Increases damage when using bows by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Concentration.

Effect: Increases passively dexterity by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Eagle Eyes.

Effect: Increases the range of long-range weapons by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"What the heck?" Ryan said, surprised while he saw the light-blue screens appearing in front of him.

Ryan became even more confused when he saw the slime he had just killed evaporating one didn't have to be a genius that something massive was happening to Earth. Monsters like dragons and slimes appeared. Possibly, every single person in the world could see the game like screens showing their status Ryan was having a hard time convincing himself that he hadn't gone mad. Not because monsters had appeared, but because he was smirking at that crazy situation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1