Chapter 7: Healing Factor

Chapter 7: Healing Factor

Just before the fourth slime could enter his range, Ryan understood that the recovery stat was what healed a part of his ear. His health and stamina were back to full thanks to it. It made sense now that he thought about it. He couldn't find any other application for that stat, after all.

"Now I get it," Ryan said while he was studying his status screen. "Those 0,0016 numbers near my health, mana, and stamina are my healing factor."

After doing some math, Ryan understood that recovery could recover one point of health, mana, and stamina every ten minutes. Considering that he had an offensive skill, Ryan now could use his stamina to attack, so he decided to increase his recovery and confirmed that. His regeneration factor doubled in a single moment.

"All status will be important I can't ignore any of them," Ryan said. "But for the time being, I still should focus on dexterity. The better my aim, the safer I will be at the very least in the slimes' dungeon."

When the slime entered his range, Ryan repeated what he did the last time. After all, nothing had changed and expected, thanks to Power Shot and the confidence that the battles gave him, Ryan killed the fourth slime in a single shot. However, the arrowhead got damaged, and Ryan could see another slime leaving the dungeon and moving toward him.

You obtained one coin.

"It looks like they can spawn quite fast" Ryan muttered. "If I rely on those arrows, I can kill them using Power Shot, but it will damage my arrows, and I don't think I can recover stamina that fast."

Power Shot really increased his attack. Even though his arrows could easily pierce trees and still not get damaged, it seemed like the slimes' cores were as sturdy as rocks. Ryan would have to find a way to keep hitting their cores without relying on Power Shots Since he killed a slime before by hitting the core and without using a skill, it was possible to keep his arrows from getting damaged.

Regardless, the number of creatures flying in the sky was increasing, as well as the signs of destruction in that region. So, Ryan didn't hesitate to walk toward the dungeon. Although it would be better if he had run instead of walking, he couldn't just run while ignoring his surroundings. It was impossible to tell when a monster would appear, after all. So, he didn't drop his guard and approached slowly.

When the next slime was within his range, Ryan just readied himself. His dexterity had nearly doubled, so he wanted to trust that he could hit the core without relying on Power Shot. That being said, Ryan's cautious nature didn't let him fire. He only decided to do it when the slime was twenty-meters away from him. His instincts told him that he wouldn't miss from that distance, but at the same time, it looked like the slime also felt the danger for its life. The very moment Ryan decided to shot was when an Earth Arrow began to appear in front of the creature.

Ryan couldn't let the projectiles hit each other, so he fired without hesitation, and somehow his arrow landed before the Earth Arrow could be completed.

You obtained one coin.

"Phew this is just too much tension for me," Ryan said while he observed the slime evaporating.

Ryan always thought slimes would be easy to kill and never would be able to put any life at risk, but the reality was harsh and not convenient. In any case, Ryan recovered his arrow and also picked the incomplete Earth Arrow. It was heavy and sturdy it was also difficult to believe that something like that had been created out of nothing.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Analysis.

Effect: This shows you basic information about most types of items created by mana.

Cost: 01 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

After frowning, Ryan wondered why he learned that skill it looked like some skills can be learned outside battles. Still, for some reason, he met the requirements to learn that, but he couldn't see anything while looking at the earth arrow probably because it was incomplete.

"Now that I think about it it is very convenient that skills can be activated automatically just by wishing for it," Ryan said and then threw around the arrow when he noticed it was becoming sand. "It would be weird if I had to shout their name to use it."

Putting such worries aside, Ryan resumed his walking and then finally arrived at the cave. However, instead of just appearing in front of it, he slowly moved to the sides in order to confirm If some slime was approaching.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lurk.

Effect: Decreases the sounds you make while moving.

Cost: 0.1 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

"While I'm thankful for another skill, I think I need some offensive spell" Ryan muttered. "Still so far, I only learned skills because I met the requirements, but I have no idea how to create something like a Fireball or Earth Arrow."

In any case, even if Ryan somehow manages to learn a spell or two, he doubted that he had enough mana to use it more than one or two times. Regardless, after focusing his senses on his surroundings, he didn't hear anything nearby. However, the sound inside the cave could spread quite easily, so he heard a slime moving and approaching.

"Not even two minutes passed since the time the last slime left this dungeon" Ryan frowned. "Does that mean the slimes can respawn every one hundred seconds or even less?"

Considering that, Ryan's chances of finding some peace and time for him to rest would be close to none. Still, after looking around once more and seeing the destruction spreading, Ryan concluded that he had to choose between something annoying and something very troublesome.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1