Chapter 16: Dinosaurs

Chapter 16: Dinosaurs

Using recovery alone, Ryan could create enough arrows to kill every slime that appeared, but now thanks to Meditation, he could create a stock of wooden arrows. Those were far inferior compared to his arrows that had the arrowheads made of iron, but Ryan couldn't complain given that he was creating them out of nothing.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by two points per second.

Cost: 1,5 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

"Finally, but it looks like the stamina cost increases as well," Ryan said after he killed the fifth slime after returning to the entrance of the dungeon. "In the end, it will be more convenient if I don't spend all my stamina in a single attack I will also have to make some tests before trying to kill the slimes for real. I wonder If a full-powered Power Shot is enough to kill that big slime maybe at level ten, it will be possible, but"

Anna was already sick of seeing Ryan muttering nonsensical things, but he was the one who was buying time for them by killing the slimes, so she couldn't complain. Even without Ryan's explanation, Carter, Anna, and Cole knew very well that every single stat point was precious. With that in mind, they only increased their recovery by one point to heal just a bit faster. They didn't have many status points, but they focused on strength and speed because they would need those to save the civilians.

"Ryan, do you mind if we bring survivors to this place?" Cole asked. "I can't think of a better place to hide them than here. I can see that other monsters can see us, but they don't approach this place for some reason."

"I don't mind. I don't plan to stay here for long," Ryan replied.

"Why?" Cole asked. "Although your presence would be convenient, I think you also would benefit from working together with other survivors."

"As you can see, this place is like a beginners' dungeon," Ryan explained. "I can't say it will always be like this, but only six slimes can respawn per ten minutes. If I stay here, others won't be able to obtain coins and combat experience. Besides, for how long a place like this will be safe from other monsters? For how long food would last? I don't have much of those, so obviously I will have to look for it and put my neck on the line."

Just thinking about that was enough to make Ryan feel shivers, but it couldn't be helped. If possible, he wanted to clear that dungeon before sunset because it would be much more dangerous to move at night.

The best option would be to find another dungeon that was just a bit more difficult than that one. Ryan wouldn't be able to sleep there, but he could endure staying awake for one or two days straight. However, the chances of Ryan finding a convenient place like that around there were close to none.

"What type of monsters did you guys see out there?" Ryan asked.

Cole, Anna, and Carter looked at each other and then hesitated. It looked like even though they saw it, they didn't want to admit with their mouth what they saw. It was understandable, but considering that everyone saw dragons flying in the sky, there was no point in acting like that.

" We saw velociraptors, pterodactyls, goblins, and some giant bees," Cole replied after a long sigh. "I never thought I would say something like this"

"For real?" Ryan asked, astonished. "Some of those flying monsters were actually dinosaurs?"

Not even the dragons surprised Ryan all that much, not even the slimes that had enough power to destroy cars. Regardless, Cole probably got bitten by a velociraptor since the wound in his right shoulder had teeth marks. In any case, that was bad, velociraptors were supposed to be good hunters, and they also move in packs. Perhaps Ryan could kill them by using Power Shot and hitting their heads, but he didn't have the confidence to do that several times in a sequence while watching the velociraptors running toward him.

In any case, goblins were probably the best type of monster to hunt next, since bees could fly, attacking them even by surprise wouldn't grant Ryan an instant kill. Considering his pop culture knowledge, Ryan knew that some goblins could use bows or crossbows, but it wasn't their best weapon.

Ryan felt like he was getting ahead of himself by choosing the next target when he didn't even have finished the slimes' dungeon's boss, but it couldn't be helped. He had to obtain information whenever possible and decide his next steps with some antecedence.

Congratulations! The skill Perception has leveled up.

Perception Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the range of your senses by one meter per level in dark areas or at night.

You obtained 01 status point.

After killing three more slimes, Ryan received that notification and then decided to open his status screen. He would be able to gain more status points if he levels up his resistance, but given that he would feel hungry as soon as he recovers, he decided not to do it since Ryan didn't have much food.

"Thanks to Meditation, I don't have to rely on recovery all that much for the time being, but I guess I still need to increase my speed," Ryan said. "The last part of the dungeon is large, but I can't let myself being even scratched by the boss's attacks."

Suddenly, Ryan felt that wave of energy passing through his body again. The next moment, Cole got up and then begun to check his wounds. He was back to normal, a bit hungry, but normal nonetheless. In the end, those three decided to help as many people as they can and bring them to that dungeon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1