Chapter 17: Good Luck

Chapter 17: Good luck

"I wish you good luck, Ryan," Cole said before he and the other two left the dungeon.

"We will all need all the luck we can get," Ryan said.

Anna didn't like Ryan, and he didn't feel any gentle feeling toward her thanks to her hair either. So, it didn't really matter what she thinks of him. Ryan didn't understand why, but Carter nodded to him. Maybe it was his way to say good luck. Regardless, when those three left, Ryan checked his status once more.

Class: --/--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 10/10 (0, 0096)

Mana: 10/10 (0, 0096)

Stamina: 10/10 (0,0096)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 23 (+2)

Speed: 15

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 06

Willpower: 09

Coins: 08

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 02, Throw Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 02, Concentration Lv 02, Archery Lv 02, Accuracy Lv 02, Stealth Lv 02, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 01, Meditation Lv 01,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 01, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 01,

"My dexterity is three times higher than before I wonder if that means that my attack also increased three times" Ryan rubbed his chin. "In any case, I have to hurry because I don't have to deal with other people's problems. I don't mind giving a hand to the people when they need it, but dealing with other humans in this kind of situation is always a pain in the ass."

Human beings were greedy and egoistical. Ryan knew that because he was also both of them. However, being like that alone wasn't a problem per se. The problem begins when several of those people are put in the same place. There was a chance that Cole, Anna, and Carter might die, but if he could bet, Ryan would bet that they would survive and bring dozens of survivors in the next few hours. Those three looked very different, their behavior was what stands out most, but Ryan could see that they knew each other for quite a while, even though they didn't seem much older than him. Even without seeing them in action, Ryan could tell that they have superb teamwork.

Given that that region didn't have many residences or buildings, thanks to the fact that Shreveport was a couple of kilometers away from there, Cole, Anna, and Carter wouldn't have many places to look. Even though the only monsters that the people would have to get away from were small fries in comparison to dragons, Ryan was pretty sure that they wouldn't be able to find more than fifty survivors. To make matters worse, many of those that will manage to survive will refuse to leave their homes. Still, Ryan couldn't imagine those three returning much sooner or later. At the very least, they would find a group of survivors and then bring them to the cave and repeat that process several times during the day. So, Ryan would have five to six hours to obtain the power that he needed to defeat the boss.

"They didn't mention their vehicle," Ryan said. "So, most likely, it got destroyed. Although they had some radios, they didn't use them a single time in half an hour I guess it is safe to assume that they can't communicate with others."

Now more than ever, Ryan was aware that the police wouldn't be able to help many of the people of that area. If that was happening all over the country, then Ryan knew that things would become even more disastrous. He knew that the military had other means to communicate, but for how long would they be able to do that when dragons were flying around and burning everything? Even though they had been trained to respond to all kinds of situations, in the end, they were only humans.

"I wonder if I can buy something in the dungeon shop that might help me against the slime boss," Ryan said and then checked the shop once again.

It was weird, but the items were quickly appearing in disappearing in the shop. It seemed like the dungeon shops all over the world were connected. That was the only explanation Regardless, Ryan was pretty sure that a shield wouldn't help him all that much. Even if the shield could endure the power of an Earth Arrow, his arm couldn't. Unless he increases his strength and endurance, a powerful shield would only get in the way of Ryan's fighting style.

Ryan also had to worry about his build. In reality, unlike games, being an all-around survivor seemed like a good idea. That way, Ryan wouldn't have to worry about needing the help of others. However, Ryan wasn't particularly talented at anything. His skill with the bow was something he developed over several years, and learning how to use other types of weapons would make things difficult for him. Even though magic was convenient, Ryan was pretty sure he would have to use one of his hands to use it, and that would get in the way of his shooting.

"I can't imagine myself getting skilled enough to defeat a dragon with a bow and arrow, but I guess that is a nice goal," Ryan forced a smile.

Ryan didn't know if the skills he could obtain had a max level, but even if they had, their potential would continue to increase as long as he increases his dexterity.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by three points per second.

Cost: 2 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

"I can't neglect my stamina any longer" Ryan said after he killed another slime. "I don't think that I will be able to level up this skill all that much against slimes, but if I wanted to have a powerful skill that I can use often, I will need to increase my stamina."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1