Chapter 13: Dungeon Boss

Chapter 13: Dungeon Boss

The slimes' dungeon boss was a slime that was more or less three meters tall and ten meters wide. Such a creature would certainly have a hard time leaving that dungeon, but given that its body was like a mass of water, the creature could leave. Ryan considering that he could lure the monster out of the end of the dungeon, perhaps he could kill it, but given that slime was obviously much stronger than the others, its magic powers could kill Ryan, even if it just scratches him.

"The last part of the dungeon is quite spacious," Ryan frowned. "As if someone had made this place like that just for enough people to come and fight that slime."

That was suspicious, but at that point in time, everything was. Finding any answer soon was probably impossible, so wasting time and energy worrying endlessly about every single thing wouldn't help Ryan in any way.

"I wonder if there is a way to kill that boss without putting myself in danger," Ryan rubbed his chin. "I'm really curious to see what is that treasure box."

Ryan was fully aware that he was getting greedy, his goal was to buy a wooden bow, but now that he had some room to breathe, he couldn't help but wish for more. Why? Because he didn't want to spend the rest of his days cowering in fear of the dragons. Besides, he only had so much food eventually, he would have to leave the dungeon and look for food. He didn't know what he would find there, but Ryan was certain that it would help him quite a lot.

"Even if this place is a like tutorial dungeon, I doubt that the boss is so easy that can be defeated by a single person at least not for a single person who has less than one hour of experience fighting against monsters," Ryan shrugged. "Well, I have to focus on one thing at a time. I can't let make any mistakes if I want to kill that thing and get the treasure box. First and foremost, I will need more arrows."

Even though he didn't use Power Shot, some of his arrows still got damaged. So, it was only obvious that he would need to buy the wooden bow to kill the slimes. After that, he would need to train Power Shot and made it level up quite a bit. The body of that slime was like water, but it was probably much denser than the ordinary slimes. So, it was only obvious that Power Shot would be the only way for Ryan's attacks to hit the core. Even if his arrows hit the core, the chances of Ryan killing the monster in a single hit were close to none. Then again, he had to learn other skills, level up them as much as possible, and increase his dexterity.

"This isn't a genius plan, but complicated plans can easily fail in many parts," Ryan muttered. "So, it is better to keep things simple."

The boss was protecting the purple crystal for some reason, probably because it was the thing that was spawning the slimes. So, the big slime didn't do anything or perhaps didn't even notice that Ryan stayed just fifty meters away from it, killing the slimes.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! The skill Stealth has leveled up.

Stealth Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the chances of you causing critical damage when attacking first by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Fifteen minutes later, when Ryan finally killed the twentieth slime, he received that notification. So, he decided to retreat to the entrance of the dungeon and buy the wooden bow. Since he wanted to buy some time and not get surprised by slimes, Ryan ran toward the entrance as fast as possible. However, he still received a surprise. He found two men and a woman at the entrance of the dungeon. Judging by their clothes, they were police officers. As soon as Ryan appeared, they pointed their guns at him.

"Who are you?" The woman asked. "A monster in human form?"

"I don't think so" Ryan replied and raised his hands. "My name is Ryan this cave appeared nearby my house, and I decided to investigate. Don't shoot..."

"There is no house near this place," The female police officer said, annoyed. "Unless you want to get wounded, you will tell us the truth, now!"

"I remembered, there is a simple hut at the top of this place, "One of the male police officers said and then showed a pained expression. "The previous owner wanted to sell the place, but since the house was too old and the location was troublesome Ugh."

"Lay down and rest. This place looks relatively safe," The female officer said. " If you said is true, you certainly moved at a convenient time, and considering that his place appeared, you must understand that this put you in a complicated position."

" What are you trying to imply?" Ryan frowned.

"You have a weapon with you, and a cave appeared near the house you just brought," The female officer replied. "Anyone with a half brain would conclude that things are being pretty convenient for you, considering that the world is going to hell at this very moment."

For a moment, Ryan glared at her and totally forgot that those three had guns, but soon he managed to calm down. One of them was wounded, and they probably saw many terrible things in the last hour, so it couldn't be helped that they were wary of any suspicious individuals. Still, there was only so much Ryan could accept. Things indeed worked well for him, despite some wounds. However, he lost his parents a few days ago. His fiancee cheated on him with his best friend even if he had to face dragons, he would change his current situation for the chance of being with his parents once more or do anything to erase from the history the accident that caused the death of his parents.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1