Chapter 21: Class: Hunter

Chapter 21: Class: Hunter

Ryan's arrow flew in a straight line until it hit the back of the arrow that was touching the slime's core. The very moment that happened, the Fireball dissipated, and the creature stopped moving. Then, Ryan saw the core slowly crumbling apart.

"Better not to raise any death flags asking if I did it" Ryan said while looking around nervously, waiting for something to happen.

You obtained fifty coins.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by four points per second.

Cost: 3 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Accuracy has leveled up.

Concentration Lv 3  Lv 4

Effect: Increases the chance of dealing a critical hit by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Archery has leveled up.

Archery Lv 3  Lv 4

Effect: Increases damage when using bows by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Concentration has leveled up.

Concentration Lv 3  Lv 4

Effect: Increases passively dexterity by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Eagle Eyes has leveled up.

Effect: Increases the range of long-range weapons by one percent per level.

Eagle Eyes Lv 3  Lv 4

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan's worries were unnecessary. He didn't receive any notification that he cleared the dungeon, but he received a lot of coins. Ryan felt like he had lost some years of his life thanks to tension, but at the very least, it had been worth the hassle since he obtained five status points.

"Now what?" Ryan asked while he was watching the slime evaporating.

For a moment, the purple crystal shined a bit more strongly than usual, but then it quickly returned to normal. Something happened there, Ryan didn't know what, but before checking it, he decided to check the treasure box. The box was tightly shut, but the moment Ryan touched it, it opened, and three empty books appeared in front of him. The pages were blank, but in their black covers, Ryan saw some weird symbols.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Swordsman, Hunter, and Thief.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"I see so the reward for clearing the dungeon is my first class," Ryan nodded to himself. "As expected, this place is perfect to train humans. If all the humans who defeat the boss obtain this, then our powers will increase considerably, but when will the boss appear again?"

It was a pity that other people would have to wait for a while for them to obtain a class, but it wasn't Ryan's problem. Still, considering that notification, the boss would probably appear in a few days. Regardless, Ryan didn't even have to think about it. Without a hint of hesitation, he chose the hunter class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Hunter!

You obtained the following skills: Precision, Rapid Shot, and Flame Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points, your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Precision.

Effect: Increases the chance of causing a critical hit by one percent per level on the target the longer the battle lasts.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Rapid Shot.

Effect: You can shoot an additional arrow. The number of arrows will increase every ten levels.

Cost: 02 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Flame Arrow.

Effect: Summon and fire a Flame Arrow without having to use a bow. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity plus your intelligence.

Cost: 05 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"Woah this is even better than I expected," Ryan said, astonished. "A class, three skills, and even several bonuses of stats? This is crazy Well, considering that I faced something that can shoot Fireballs capable of melting walls, I guess it isn't that unexpected."

Now Ryan was a bit more confident that he wouldn't die the very moment he steps out of the dungeon. Still, there was no downside in being careful, so he decided to look for a better bow in the dungeon shop. He had a lot of coins after defeating the boss and grinding for several hours, after all.

However, Ryan's surprise didn't end there. A good dungeon boss was the one who would leave some drops upon dying, and that one didn't disappoint Ryan. It would be too convenient if not weird if the creature had dropped a bow, but at the very least, it left an ordinary sword.

Iron Sword

Effect: + 03 Health, + 02 Strength.

Durability: 40/40

"It isn't that heavy I guess it is better than nothing" Ryan said. "I would feel suspicious if this creature had dropped a bow, after all."

Carrying two bows and a sword was a pain, but Ryan wanted to trade the sword with someone for food. At that point in time, it wouldn't be weird if monsters had destroyed most supermarkets, and the ones that hadn't been destroyed probably had been looted by the survivors. So, Ryan lost his chance to secure some food. Just before he was about to return to the dungeon's entrance, Ryan saw a slime appearing in front of the purple crystal. That was good because it means other people would be able to obtain coins but instead of thinking that. Ryan dashed at the creature and slashed it in half with his iron sword.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Swordsmanship.

Effect: Increases damage when using swords by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1