Chapter 23: Trade

Chapter 23: Trade

In the end, Ryan had to wait for one hour until Cole managed to wake up because he was the only one in that group who had a motorcycle and because his house was relatively close. When he woke up, Cole gulped, because he saw Ryan pointing the sword toward his face.

"This is yours, now tell me where you live and where I can find the keys of your motorcycle," Ryan said.

"You scared me" Cole sighed. "Are you sure? I think a weapon like this is much more valuable than a vehicle at this point in time. Besides, you can't outrun velociraptors with a vehicle like that."

"I see so they are that fast, huh," Ryan begun to bit his nails. "Well, even if that is the case, I can't just move around using my own legs. I need to conserve my stamina for the fights, after all."

"I guess that makes sense ah" Cole said, surprised when he noticed that his arm was back. "Did I dream that I lost my arm?"

"You can worry about that later," Ryan said. "Where can I find the keys?"

" I have them with me," Cole said after checking his whole body and the massive amount of blood on his right side. "You can take whatever you wanted from my house as well. I guess that won't make things even with us, but it is everything that I can do for you. I wish you luck once again."

"Thanks I wish you guys good luck as well," Ryan hesitated and then forced a smile.

Ryan wanted to know where the nearest dungeon was, but unfortunately, none of the survivors saw or heard of it. Cole's house was three kilometers away from there. It was close to a convenience store, so Ryan would be able to find a few things there if the place hadn't been destroyed. Regardless, before leaving the dungeon, Ryan checked the dungeon shop once more. He wasn't that skilled in driving motorcycles, but a crossbow would help him quite a bit while driving. However, the cheapest crossbow cost two hundred coins.

After sighing, Ryan checked the situation outside the dungeon. Only one word could describe what he saw: pandemonium. He now clearly could see pterodactyls in the distance and some velociraptors running around and searching for their next prey. Fortunately, Ryan had a clear view of the area, so he could choose the best route toward Cole's house.

Class: Hunter Lv 01 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 11/11 (0, 0182)

Mana: 11/11 (0, 0182)

Stamina: 16/16 (0,0182)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 30 (+5)

Speed: 21 (+1)

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06 (+1)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 09 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 110

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01, Flame Arrow Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 04, Concentration Lv 04, Archery Lv 04, Accuracy Lv 04, Stealth Lv 02, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 01, Precision Lv 01, Swordsmanship Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 01, Meditation Lv 02,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03,

After allocating the status points, he obtained during, and after fighting against the dungeon's boss into recovery, speed, stamina, and dexterity, Ryan began to run. Cole's house was northeast of there, and there weren't many places where he could use to hide. So, he had to be fast in order not to be noticed.

Much to his surprise, Ryan was having difficulty even keeping his eyes open while he was running. His speed almost increased by three hundred percent, but he didn't expect that he actually had become almost four times faster. In any case, that was something convenient, but the consumption of stamina wasn't. Trying to run as fast as possible was the trigger to activate Dash, after all. So, Ryan could only keep running at his top speed for thirty seconds. That being said, in those thirty seconds, he managed to reach the base of the mountain and hide behind a group of small trees.

"That was certainly unexpected," Ryan muttered while he was trying to rest. "Maybe I will be able to reach Cole's house without being found by monsters"

Ryan was a dreamer, and until very recently, he was a happy-go-looking guy, so it couldn't be helped that he could think that way. Unfortunately, the reality was cruel. The more he approached his destination, the louder things he got. He could even hear the sound of velociraptors running and destroying things and the smell the smell of things burning and the smell of blood. Ryan could feel his head becoming lighter just by feeling the smell of death.

"I imagined things would be complicated, but imagining and seeing are two completely different things" Ryan said while he was trying to keep his head cool.

Focusing on running wasn't an option from that point onward, so Ryan nocked an arrow and prepared for battle. He had fifteen wooden arrows, so he had to make all of them worthwhile. Velociraptors were fast, so he couldn't miss. Every single shot had to be a headshot in order not to let the monsters scream and attract others.

"It is too dangerous to take a roundabout way" Ryan muttered. "Time is too precious to waste, trying to find another route. So, I will have to open a path."

As a hunter, Ryan learned that the best time to kill his prey was when the prey was eating. However, the food of his prey were humans, so he couldn't wait for that. If he could, he would save some humans, not because he wanted to be a hero, but the more people stay alive in that region, the more targets the velociraptors would have. It was sad that even for Ryan to think in that manner, but he had to consider such things if he wanted to survive.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1