Chapter 29: Running Away

Chapter 29: Running away

Ryan will be lying if he says that he wasn't worried about those three. They found a difficult group of survivors to protect, and they didn't have a lot of ammo remaining. Still, Ryan had his own worries and goals, so he couldn't worry too much about them. He knew very well that joining a group of survivors might have led him to that kind of problem, but such thoughts disappeared from his head when he noticed that he could fight monsters and grow stronger. He was fully aware that he was egotistical, but it was only obvious for him to act like that because his life wasn't less important than the others. Since he didn't want to lose his life, he wanted the power to protect himself, but he only would obtain that after facing death more than a few times. In the end, Ryan didn't want to ally himself with others that couldn't understand that.

After buying the potion, Ryan gave it to Tristan since he looked to be the type of guy who would complain if he sees a man feeding his sister. Tristan frowned, but then he quickly realized what that was.

"A health potion?" Tristan asked in shock. "For real?"

"Yeah, good luck," Ryan said and then left the dungeon.

"Hey, can we-"

The very moment Ryan heard some unknown voices, he began to run toward the base of the mountain. He already knew what those people would ask of him, to go with him, even without knowing where he was heading. That was more than enough reason for Ryan to run away as fast as possible.

This time Ryan wasn't spotted before he reached the motorcycle. As expected, monsters could find their prey with more ease when they were in groups. Ryan wished that he could buy a crossbow because even though it would be difficult to reload it, it could be used while Ryan drives.

"Now that I think about it would my dexterity influence the attack power of crossbows?" Ryan muttered. "I will have to test it by buying one"

Ryan turned on the engine of the motorcycle and then rechecked his surroundings. After confirming that there were no monsters nearby, he began to head toward the highroad that he used to reach that mountain.

While he was driving, Ryan checked his status and allocated the status points he obtained in the last few hours into mana and recovery. Now he would be able to use Flame Arrow once every two hundred seconds.

Class: Hunter Lv 02 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 12/12 (0, 0250)

Mana: 15/15 (0, 0250)

Stamina: 16/18 (0, 0250)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 30 (+7)

Speed: 21 (+2)

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06 (+2)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 12 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 123

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 04, Concentration Lv 04, Archery Lv 04, Accuracy Lv 04, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 01, Precision Lv 01, Swordsmanship Lv 01, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 01, Meditation Lv 02, Flame Arrow Lv 03,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03,

"I guess, for the time being, it will be more convenient for me if I become something like a magic archer," Ryan concluded. "Fighting alone fits me more, but to do so, I will need more than just a good aim."

Ryan would need elemental skills like Flame Arrow; however, he would have to learn the ones that could slow down monsters like Frozen Arrow or Electric Arrow. Regardless, it didn't take for Ryan to be forced to stop. At the very moment he reached the high road, he found a crashed car burning and two velociraptors eating something Ryan didn't even need to think to know what they were eating.

After stopping and grabbing his bow, the two monsters noticed Ryan's presence the very moment he nocked the first arrow. The creatures were fifty meters away, and Ryan couldn't feel a strong wind that could change the course of his arrows. However, in the asphalt, the velociraptors could move even faster than usual, so Ryan couldn't mess up.

In the end, Ryan had to force himself to calm down while the creatures were approaching. He couldn't afford to miss it and to decrease the chances of the velociraptors avoiding his attack. He even activated Power Shot. His first arrow flew in a straight line and pierced the eye of the monster on the right side of the road. Ryan didn't have time to pick another arrow, so he just pointed his left hand toward the other and fired Flame Arrow.

As expected, the first died instantaneously, but the second only lost one eye to the flames. Still, that brought enough time for Ryan to nock another arrow and fired it.

You obtained eight coins.

You obtained eight coins.

Congratulations! The skill Precision has leveled up.

Precision Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the chance of causing a critical hit by one percent per level on the target the longer the battle lasts.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Phew" Ryan sighed in relief. "No drops this time again, huh? I guess I have to increase my luck from this point onward even more than before, I will need all the help I can get to survive."

Ryan slowly approached the crashed car he didn't want to see that, but he needed it in order to have a firm grasp of the situation. In the end, Ryan regretted his choice because the two humans who were inside the vehicle had been semi-disfigured by the velociraptors. He didn't see his parent's bodies soon after the accident, but only during the funeral. However, he ended up imagining then in that situation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1