Chapter 26: Guests

Chapter 26: Guests

After finishing eating some sandwiches, Ryan returned to the garage after confirming that the outside was still free from the giant bees. He decided to turn on the motorcycle engine only after closing the garage since he couldn't let Cole's house open and be invaded by monsters. However, it looked like things wouldn't happen the way he had planned. The very moment he opened the garage, he saw a pair of legs Ryan aimed with his bow and was ready to shoot even before he could see the full body of that figure. He frowned when he saw a teenage boy carrying a wounded woman on his back.

"Please don't shoot," The boy said, scared when he saw the arrow pointed at his head. "I need your help."

" It looks like I can never catch a break," Ryan said after a long sigh. "This isn't my house, but you can come in."

In the end, it didn't surprise Ryan that someone was still hidden among those houses. That boy probably had seen Ryan after he burned down a house. Regardless, the boy seemed to be fifteen or sixteen years old. His hair and eyes were deep brown, and he seemed pretty well-built for someone of his age. The woman seemed a bit older. Perhaps she was as old as Ryan. Considering that they had some similarities like their eyes and nose, they were probably siblings. Regardless, the boy was wearing the uniform one would normally use during PE classes, and the woman wearing a brown sweatshirt that was dirty with a lot of her blood.

Cole would probably understand it, so Ryan and the boy put the woman in the coach to let her rest. Somehow the boy managed to stop the bleeding, but she was too weak to regain consciousness. Ryan checked the wound, and he found a hole on her sweatshirt near her heart.

"The wound is gone thanks to the recovery" Ryan said. "However, she probably won't wake up anytime soon since she lost too much blood."

Ryan made a mental note of that, recovery was magical, but it wasn't omnipotent. As long as humans don't lose their heads or hearts, most wounds would regenerate, but humans would have to pay some price.

" You look like someone who knows what is going on," The boy said. "You also are dirty with blood, but I can't see your wounds do you know how can we make my sister recover?"

"We? Why are you assuming that I'm going to help you?" Ryan frowned.

"Please, I will do anything! I can give you anything!" The boy shouted. "But please don't let my sister die!"

"Lower your voice, dumbass" Ryan said, annoyed. "You should choose your words better next time unless you want to taste my fist There is a place nearby where we can get something that can make your sister wake up, probably. There are other survivors there, so after that, you can help each other."

"Really? Is it a military base or something?" The boy asked, surprised.

"No, it is a dungeon that is spawning slimes" Ryan replied. "Your sister got wounded by a giant bee, right? Did you smell something weird in the bee?"

"No I don't think so," The boy answered. "My name is Tristan, and my sister's name is Natalia. What is yours?"

" Ryan," Ryan replied after a long sigh. "Anyway, we don't have time to waste, and I don't want to spend more time than the necessary helping strangers, so we are going to leave now. If you have some status points, put them into strength or stamina because I don't want to stop along the way."

"Are we going to find your military friends there?" Tristan asked.

"I don't have any military friends because I'm not one," Ryan showed a fed-up expression. "You will find some cops there, so the place will be safe for a while. Anyway, like I told you. I don't have time to waste, so look after yourself and after your sister once we arrive there because I'm going to stop there also, don't make noise and or questions along the way."

It would be a massive pain in the ass not to use the motorcycle after all that trouble of reaching Cole's house, but it couldn't be helped. Ryan would have to protect those two, and he couldn't make much noise, so he would have to push the vehicle.

"I guess I'm going to lose more fifty coins" Ryan said and then sighed.

It was for a good reason, but given that Ryan had to put his life on the line to obtain those, he couldn't help but complain a little. In any case, at the very least, he was doing something that would make his parents proud of him wherever they might be

The smoke was slowly disappearing from the area, so Ryan hurried to confirm that the surroundings were safe once he left the garage. After that, he gave the sign for Tristan to leave the garage while carrying Natalia on his back. Quickly, Ryan closed the garage after taking out the motorcycle, but he still didn't drop his guard. His eyes were watching all directions while his ears were ready to catch any suspicious sound.

"Hey, Ryan How did you" Tristan said and then stopped when Ryan glared at him.

"No. Talking," Ryan said.

Ryan's annoyance disappeared when he heard a squeak in the distance. He looked to the sides but saw nothing, but then he saw a pterodactyl flying in a straight line at them when he looked upward.

"Shit I forgot about them," Ryan bit his lips.

Even though those creatures had long and sharp-looking beaks, Ryan was certain that he could kill them without getting wounded. He increased his speed to dodge with more ease, after all. However, things wouldn't be so simple since he had to look after Tristan and Natalia.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1