Chapter 25: Break

Chapter 25: Break

"What a pain" Ryan said, annoyed. "Now what?"

Killing the bees one after the other seemed like a good idea. However, there weren't many places to hide in that region. In fact, Ryan was hiding behind a small white fence that was protecting the garden of someone. Still, the bees could easily spot him if they look in his direction for a couple of seconds.

Ryan looked around and searched for something that could help him in that kind of situation, but he found nothing. Ignoring those creatures wasn't an option since he would make a lot of noise by using Cole's motorcycle, and that would attract the bees. Their red stings were particularly scary, so Ryan wanted to keep with his strategy of killing first instead of showing his back to the enemy.

"I have to draw their attention to somewhere else" Ryan muttered. "Flame Arrow will help me with that."

Ryan just needed a few moments to move toward Cole's house and then open the garage. Since Cole said he could do it, Ryan also intended to grab all the food he could carry. Unfortunately, that was the only thing he could do since he had an extra bow, several arrows, and some clothes inside his backpack.

The best way to attract the bees would be with an explosion, but there wasn't a gas station nearby or any vehicle that Ryan could use. He didn't want to burn down someone else's house, but it looked like he didn't have any other choice. There was a house with an even pretty big garden in the opposite direction, and Ryan decided to use that as fuel He hesitated for a bit because he already could feel the smell of smoke coming from the other side of the mountain. However, Ryan didn't have any other option, so he used Flame Arrow to burn the garden.

It took five minutes, but since the wind was coming from the opposite direction, the flames eventually spread and began to burn the house. Ryan didn't know what was in that house, but a black smoke begun to leave the house and then conveniently headed toward where the bees were concentrated. Some bees resisted for a while, but in the end, they were forced to spread in all directions, and some of them headed toward Ryan, but thanks to the smoke, Ryan managed to kill them without alerting the others or getting wounded.

You obtained three coins.

You obtained three coins.

You obtained three coins.

You obtained three coins.

You obtained three coins.

"Oh, boy it looks like I'm getting close to my goal of becoming a sniper," Ryan muttered.

Ryan killed those bees even before the monsters could see him. Although he only hit one of them in the head, the others instantly died after getting hit by a single arrow.

Congratulations! Your class Hunter, has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 1  Lv 2

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

Ignoring that pleasant notification, Ryan ran fast as possible toward Cole's house when he confirmed that the path was clear and no bee would be able to see him. In the blink of an eye, Ryan opened the garage and then closed it again. He took a deep breath to relax because he reached his destination, but regretted that since the house was filled with smoke.

"Let's see the motorcycle is here. Aside from that, I will need some water and food," Ryan said while he was observing Cole's motorcycle. "I guess I can stop here for a few minutes to eat since I don't know when I will find a safe place again."

To Ryan's surprise, Cole's motorcycle was a Honda, which was pretty common, but the model was of those he had seen in motocross events. It would be perfect since Ryan didn't intend to use roads frequently. It would be better to try to outspeed monsters in places that had several obstacles.

Although that would be dangerous since Ryan didn't have much experience in using that kind of vehicle, he was counting on his dexterity to compensate for that. Regardless, while Ryan was checking Cole's fridge, he also checked if something was being transmitted on TV Unfortunately, all the channels were dead. If TV wasn't working, Ryan doubted that he would be able to access the internet. So, he didn't even try to turn on Cole's PC.

"My next goal is to find another dungeon which I can clear alone" Ryan said while he was eating some plain bread. "Just asking the people I find won't be enough Now that I think about it, shall I test that?"

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cook.

Effect: Increases the effectiveness and speed of your cooking. It also increases your ability when using monster's meat.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Hahaha I really learned," Ryan said, surprised after he just put some cheese between two pieces of bread. "This is so weird"

When Ryan sat on Cole's couch, he began to feel the tension leaving his body at an astonishing speed. Now that he managed to relax a little, he finally could feel how tired he was he didn't sleep in days, after all. Still, he couldn't let himself rest now. Maybe it was the best place and time to rest, given that he didn't know what he would find in the next five minutes. Then again, time was of the essence. Ryan needed to learn new skills and level up them as fast as possible before he finds a monster that can kick his ass with ease.

He was fully aware that it would take a long while before that happens, but he would only be able to relax once the other two blank parts of his class were filled. Once he understood that fact, Ryan slapped his cheeks slightly to focus himself again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1