Chapter 22: Return

Chapter 22: Return

Well, I know that I surprised the enemy, but this was surprisingly easy," Ryan frowned when he received that notification. "I wonder if it is because this is a magic weapon or something"

In any case, Ryan had to hurry and leave that place. He still had to move as much as possible while there was sunlight. It would be better for him to trade the sword with Anna's group or the people they might bring to the dungeon, but Ryan couldn't waste too much time waiting for them.

"I guess I should at least wait for one hour," Ryan muttered. "They might face problems if the slimes attack them outside the dungeon."

However, much to Ryan's surprise, Anna, Cole, and Carter were already back at the entrance. Not only that, they were with a group of ten or so people.

"Oh, you guys are back," Ryan said, surprised when he noticed that Cole had lost an arm.

"Hey Ryan," Cole said and then forced a slime. "It looks like you are still in one piece As you can see I messed up a little."

It was kind of impressive that Cole could joke in that kind of situation. Still, even though Cole acted as if he knew Ryan, those ten survivors looked at him in fear when they saw his bows and sword. Carter also looked to be wounded, but he still was observing the surroundings. Anna seemed fine, and she was trying to do what she could to stop the bleeding. Anna looked at Ryan and then frowned when she saw the sword, she also could tell that he seemed a bit different, probably thanks to his class, but she only looked at him for a single moment. It looked like she really cared about Cole.

"Why didn't you buy a potion in the dungeon shop?" Ryan asked. "At the very least, you can stop the bleeding."

"We don't have many enough coins," Anna answered. "Besides, we can't trust Cole's life into some suspicious things."

Ryan had enough coins to buy it, but now that he thought about it, it was kind of risky drinking magical potions. Maybe it was the perfect time to test that even though Ryan would have to spend one-third of his coins.

"Do you want one potion, Cole?" Ryan asked. "Just like she said, it would be risky. If you are willing to take risks, I will spend my own coins to see if the potions are really effective."

"As long as this pain disappears" Cole said while his face was slowly getting paler. "I'm willing to drink even horse's piss."

"Well, I can't guarantee that the potion won't taste like that," Ryan said and then opened the dungeon shop.

Small Health Potion

Effect: Restores fifty points of health.

Price: 50 coins

Without wasting too much time, Ryan bought it, and then a small round bottle appeared and fell over his hands. Ryan didn't know how much Cole had increased his health, but just a few droplets of the potion would help alleviate the pain. It was better to do that first instead of just using all the potion without knowing the things that it might cause.

"How does it taste?" Ryan asked while he made Cole drink a small part of the potion.

"It tastes like strawberry" Cole smiled. "Ah I feel so relaxed."

"Explain how do you feel in detail," Ryan said.

Cole didn't even have to answer it. Some color returned to his face, and then they all saw the wound in his arm stop bleeding. It was working, but Ryan still waited for a while before making the drink all the potion. As if he had been anesthetized, Cole fell asleep.

"What do you think?" Ryan asked.

"His breathing is regular, and his pulse is normal" Anna replied. "I don't think the potion caused him any harm."

"Shall we make him drink the rest of the potion?" Ryan asked. "You are his friend, so it is your call."

"Yeah, let's make him drink the rest" Anna replied and then sighed. "Thank you"

Ryan wasn't sure that Cole was out of danger, but Anna acted as if that was the case. Ryan still couldn't feel comfortable around Anna, but he at least he didn't show that. It would be a problem if Ryan began to hate redheads, all thanks to Mia, but with the world in that state, such worries were the smallest of his problems.

After Ryan made Cole drink all the potion, something unexpected begun to happen, slowly, but surely, Cole's arm begun to regenerate However, everyone there could clearly see his body getting thinner. It looked like potions had the same effect of recovery. It could use the nutrients of one's body to heal wounds.

In less than five minutes, Cole's arm was back as if nothing had happened. Even Ryan was speechless that was like a miracle, but that had some demerits. Cole wouldn't be able to fight or move properly until he regains some weight. Still, it was better than living with just one arm or even dying.

"I guess this is it" Ryan said, and then got up. "He will probably eat all the food you guys have, so you should look for more as soon as possible. By the way, who wants this sword? I can trade for a car or a motorcycle."

"Did you defeat the boss?" Carter asked.

"Yes, and about that" Ryan replied.

Ryan explained to everyone what he obtained after defeating the boss. He also told them how he defeated the creature. It would take a while, but if all those people work together, they might find a way to kill the slime before the creature kills one of them.

"So, we can obtain a class here, and the class can give us some skills and status bonuses," Carter nodded.

"Yes, but there is a chance that only one person can obtain the class," Ryan replied. "I don't know when the boss will respawn either, so you guys will have to be patient or look for another dungeon."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1