Chapter 24: Back Attack

Chapter 24: Back attack

After moving five hundred meters, Ryan finally could see some houses. It looked like those had been abandoned, the very moment the monsters appeared; Ryan concluded that because he couldn't see any vehicles nearby. However, Ryan found two velociraptors walking around trying to find the scent of their next target.

"Forty meters away, wind at three meters per second west the targets are walking slowly," Ryan muttered while he was checking the situation. "I can do this"

Ryan had to be fast because just like the slimes, the velociraptors probably would feel the danger for their lives, and they would react. Ryan didn't know how fast they were, he didn't see them running at top speed, but in the best-case scenario, he would have only two seconds to kill both of them.

There was no point in worrying if his wooden arrows would be capable of piercing the velociraptors' skulls since Ryan would see that once he shots. However, to increase the chance of him killing the beasts, Ryan decided to aim at their eyes. Power Shot was activated when he pulled the string and held it for more than a second, he could perhaps guarantee the kill if he holds if for another second, but Ryan didn't do it. Once again, his instincts told him that was more than enough and even though he didn't feel the line connecting his arrow and the creature's eye, Ryan still felt confident.

The sound of the arrow hissed through the air and made the velociraptors looked at Ryan's position. However, one of them died instantly when the arrow pierced the area between its eyes. The other begun to run toward Ryan, but he was already nocking his arrow when that happened.

You obtained eight coins.

Congratulations! The skill Stealth has leveled up.

Stealth Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the chances of you causing critical damage when attacking first by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

The number of coins he obtained surprised Ryan, but he quickly got rid of that notification and focused on the next target. When his next arrow was pointing toward the next velociraptor, the creature was fifteen meters away from it. That wasn't good Ryan could clearly feel the killing intent of the creature, but he didn't shoot. Instead, he waited until the creature was five meters away from him because, at that distance, not even a beast would have the reflexes necessary to dodge an arrow.

You obtained eight coins.

Ryan's arrow entered the monster's head through its mouth, the creature thought Ryan wouldn't be able to kill it, and that was what caused its doom. Ryan managed to defeat the monsters successfully. However, his heart was beating so fast that he couldn't believe it. The closer he got to dinosaurs was when he played Dino Crisis 2 several years ago, and he never thought he would be able to see them from so up close.

Regardless, Ryan survived and finally had the chance to wonder why he received so many coins. He couldn't believe that those monsters were eight times stronger than the slimes. Maybe they were eight times more dangerous given that they were faster and could pick up the scent of their targets

"Crap I don't have time to day-dream," Ryan said while shaking his head. "I have to move."

After confirming that the area around him was clear, Ryan began to move again. Instead of following the streets, Ryan jumped the short fences and crossed the yards of those houses until he finally reached the next road the one who would take him directly to Cole's house, but then suddenly, Ryan heard a grunt coming from behind.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Alert.

Effect: Increases the effective range of your hearing outside of battles by one meter per level in order to avoid ambushes.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan was so focused on the enemies on the roads that he didn't consider that some monster might be inside the two houses. Ryan turned around while he was nocking the arrow and fortunately had enough time to aim since the creature couldn't just begin to run at sixty miles per hour. However, Ryan didn't have the leisure to see the creature falling in front of him. The velociraptor got close enough to hit him even after Ryan's arrow pierced its head.

You obtained eight coins.

"Ugh!" Ryan moaned when the velociraptor hit his stomach and then fell over him. "Son of a bitch..."

Ryan tried to get up as fast as possible since he couldn't tell when the next monster would appear, but thanks to his hurry, he ended up making the velociraptor's claw scratch his t-shirt and even would his stomach a little.

Ryan tried to endure the pain as much as possible because he couldn't make too much noise. Although they weren't that big, velociraptors were pretty heavy. So, Ryan had to put some effort into it. Although his arrows could kill them in a single strike, the velociraptor's hide was quite thick, and Ryan wondered if they couldn't make for some light armor. Using coins to buy protective gear was convenient, but a sane person would use the coins to buy tomes because those would grant them status points in the long run.

"Their claws are also pretty sharp and sturdy" Ryan muttered. "I don't know if we will live long to use monsters' materials, but certainly it will be useful for us."

Ryan resumed his journey this time with extra care in order not to miss any possible sounds coming from the few houses of that area. Maybe it was because there was not a single person in the area, but Ryan didn't find any other velociraptor. Thanks to it, he managed to walk quite a bit in the next few minutes. However, things changed when Ryan found Cole's house and the convenience store he had mentioned. In that area, he could see dozens of giant-ass-bees, and to make matters worse, the creatures were carrying everything that was edible from the convenience store.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1