Chapter 38: New Weapon

Chapter 38: New Weapon

When Ryan entered the dungeon, the first thing he did was to check the cheapest crossbow he could buy. As expected, it was a wooden crossbow that didn't have many details, but at the very least, it was more powerful than the bow his father gave to him.

Wooden Crossbow

Effect: Consumes two points of mana to create a wooden dart. Dexterity + 5

Durability: 35/35

Price: 200 coins

Without thinking too much about it, Ryan bought the crossbow. Although the mana consumption would be larger than the wooden bow, it wasn't a problem big problem considering that the crossbow could auto-reload by consuming his mana. In the end, Ryan just has to aim.

"Just in case, I will use the status points I just earned," Ryan opened his status screen.

Since his recovery had become bigger than his mana and stamina, Ryan decided to put some points into them to equal things and then used the remaining points to increase his dexterity. It would be like spending energy, doing nothing recovery energy every ten minutes while his body was unable to keep all the energy.

Class: Hunter Lv 03 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 13/13 (0, 035)

Mana: 21/21 (0, 035)

Stamina: 21/21 (0, 035)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 32 (+11) (+12)

Speed: 21 (+3)

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06 (+3)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 06

Recovery: 18 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 379

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 05, Concentration Lv 05, Archery Lv 05, Accuracy Lv 04, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 03, Precision Lv 02, Swordsmanship Lv 01, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 02, Meditation Lv 02, Flame Arrow Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03, Sleep Resistance Lv 01,

"This should be enough now I just have to see if Power Shot can be used with crossbows as well," Ryan muttered.

Since Ryan was in a hurry, he decided to make the test against the goblins, thanks to recent events. If they had a functional brain, John, Daniel, and Mia would understand that using a dungeon to become strong wasn't an option. It was a necessity. So, the likelihood of them deciding to create a camp near the dungeon was high.

Ryan was fully aware that he would end up exploding one of his veins if he sees Daniel and Mia on a daily basis again. Although he never got so much angry before, he could feel that his anger was making his blood put a lot of pressure on his brain. So, it was in his best interest to clear that dungeon as fast as possible.

"That big slime was more than a few times stronger than the ordinary ones," Ryan muttered. "Even if goblins can't use magic, I can't underestimate the boss of this dungeon. I don't know why, but their danger level is higher for a reason"

Regardless, that dungeon was a bit different from the slimes' dungeon. Conveniently enough, Ryan could see some crystals illuminating some parts of it. Those were crystals that he found in the dungeon shop, so it was safe to assume that the goblins bought them. The other differences were the fact that he could feel that the path was slowly moving downward, and the dungeon had many intersections.

"Find the end of this dungeon will be a pain" Ryan clicked his tongue. "Well, at the very least, that does mean that I can find the goblins in several places instead of just one."

Even though Ryan was in a hurry, he was fully aware that he would have to grind for a while before challenging the dungeon's boss. Usually, it would be a pain to do that as well, which was even truer considering how tired Ryan was. Still, since leveling up and see his status growing was also exciting, it wasn't much of a problem for Ryan to stay awake and fight during the whole night.

Congratulations! The skill Sleep Resistance has leveled up.

Sleep Resistance Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Decreases the effectiveness of tiredness and spells that might induce you to sleep by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

After finding the first intersection that split the path ahead in three, Ryan chose the one on the left side. Although he could see some small signs of the goblins' footsteps on the ground, and most of them choose the path of the middle, he decided to follow that path for the last since he needed to see how powerful and useful that crossbow was before using it against the goblins' main force.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tracking.

Effect: Increases the chances of finding signs left by monsters on your surroundings by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

" Thanks, father," Ryan said after laughing meekly for a few seconds.

If it weren't for so many things his father taught him, Ryan knew that he wouldn't have survived the battles of that day. Even after his death, he was still helping Ryan in unexpected ways. He had learned a lot of passive skills, and since they didn't consume mana or stamina, Ryan didn't have to worry about running out of gas. Not only that, he still could level them up with relative ease.

Regardless, Ryan couldn't let himself lose focus in enemy territory. It has been a while since the goblins left the dungeon, so it was clear that they were building their numbers in order to build their camp again. Fortunately, Ryan soon found the dead-end of that path and a group of goblins resting there. Ryan changed his opinion of them only a bunch of stupid monsters would sleep soon after the battle and, in a place, where the enemies could invade. Without wasting time, Ryan shot the wooden darts on their heads.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1