Chapter 32: Unplesant Surprise

Chapter 32: Unplesant surprise

Ryan's stock of arrows was quickly decreasing, but the notifications motivated him to keep shooting more and more. Despite the rain of arrows, the number of goblins wasn't decreasing because another and an even bigger group of goblins was about to join the battle.

Congratulations! Your class, Hunter, has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 2  Lv 3

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

Ryan was obtaining status points like crazy, despite the fact that the goblins looked pretty weak and frail. He was just one hundred meters away from them, and he could see them clearly this time. They were skinny and were only 1,30 meters tall, their weapons were mostly rustic short swords and short spears, so it was only obvious that they were that weak. It was quite weird that they were supposed to be four times more dangerous than slimes, considering that they couldn't use magic.

Still, after killing ninety or so goblins with the help of those humans, Ryan's arrows ended. In the end, he would be forced to retreat. However, it would be a waste to let those humans die. They were strong and had guts the human race needed people like them.

"Retreat!" Ryan shouted. "I'm out of arrows!"

It didn't take long for the sound of bullets disappeared as well. The group also had run out of bullets one of the two warriors insisted on fighting for some reason, but the other forced him to retreat. The goblins weren't faster than Ryan, but they could be equally as fast as that group. So, Ryan shot two Flame Arrows and made the grass between the humans and goblins burn forcing the goblins to stop.

Class: Hunter Lv 03 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 12/13 (0, 0250)

Mana: 06/16 (0, 0250)

Stamina: 18/20 (0, 0250)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 30 (+9)

Speed: 21 (+3)

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06 (+3)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 06

Recovery: 12 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 239

Status: 05

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 05, Concentration Lv 05, Archery Lv 05, Accuracy Lv 04, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 02, Precision Lv 02, Swordsmanship Lv 01, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 01, Meditation Lv 02, Flame Arrow Lv 03,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03,

"Oh, boy I obtained a lot of coins," Ryan said, surprised.

Fighting in groups against a swarm of enemies wasn't so bad. In fact, it was much easier to fight by relying on good warriors on the frontline. Maybe Ryan had found a good group that he could join, they were a bit nave since they followed the goblins that manner, but no one is perfect.

"Well, now what should I do?" Ryan rubbed his chin after he made sure that he lost the goblins.

Ryan decided not to join Cole's group because they were police officers, and they had the duty of protecting others. Ryan didn't want to do that. At least he didn't want to make that his goal. Still, there was so much he could do alone. He couldn't use his game knowledge in every single situation, but it was pretty obvious that, like in games, most dungeons weren't supposed to be cleared alone. Ryan maybe could clear the goblins' dungeon if he has a few days to prepare, but it would be better to clear the dungeon as soon as possible and get his next class.

That group of humans could help him in that regard. However, as usual, Ryan couldn't help but worry about the demerits of joining a group like that. One of them was hot-headed to the point of not retreating when facing an army of goblins, and the others were stupid enough to follow him. Although that kind of action was close to madness, it also could be seen as bravery by the hot-blooded guy and loyalty in part of others.

"Well, at the very least, I should talk with them for a while," Ryan concluded. "Now that I think about it attacking and not looking for the loot was like a big mistake. Well, there will be more chances to do that."

While Ryan was walking toward the direction those survivors headed, he also checked his status. Although he could create fifteen arrows every ten minutes, he didn't remember killing a single goblin with just one arrow. The fact that he was focusing on slowing them down affected that, but it didn't change the fact that it was time to change his weapon. Or perhaps find better arrows. Still, the bow he received from his father wasn't a magic weapon, so it was only obvious that at some point, Ryan would have to put it away and just keep it as a memento. It was annoying to do that, but it was a painful truth.

"Wait a minute maybe there is a way to improve weapons magically," Ryan said, and then his eyes begun to shine since he was full of expectation. "If dragons can appear out of nowhere, then I certainly can improve my bow with magic."

Ryan's mind worked in weird ways, but soon he forgot about that when he finally saw that group of survivors resting near the high road. It looked like they had imagined that Ryan would approach them. However, soon Ryan regretted that choice. It didn't take long before he could recognize two of those survivors. Ryan wanted to turn around and leave that place, but his stomach begun to turn around and Ryan lost the strength in his legs. Much to everyone's surprise, he fell on his knees and then throw up The hot-blooded guy was Daniel, and one of the survivors armed with a firearm was Mia.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1