Chapter 31: Calm Before The Storm

Chapter 31: Calm before the storm

Ryan always thought an apocalypse of monsters would be like hell on earth. First, monsters would swarm every single area that had humans, but that didn't happen. Aside from dragons, most monsters had to appear by using dungeons. After that, the dead would come back as zombies and make the survivors cower in fear However, that didn't happen. Only small groups of monsters could be found in areas that weren't densely populated, and there are no zombies Thanks to it, Ryan didn't find a single monster in half an hour.

"Carrying more arrows will be a pain, so I should stop here," Ryan said while he was still following that group of humans one hundred meters away from them.

Suddenly, the group stopped, and they finally lowered their postures to hide in the tall grass. Thanks to it, Ryan managed to see four hundred meters away from there the goblins' camp. Behind the camp, Ryan also could see a hill and even a cave it was the goblins' dungeon.

"Oh, boy when did my eyes get this good?" Ryan frowned.

In any case, the goblins' camp seemed pretty well made, considering that they only appeared ten hours ago. It wasn't complete, but the camp had fences, and all of them were doing something being as cooking, repairing, or creating new weapons. That being said, the only problem Ryan could see in that camp was the high number of goblins. He could at least see two hundreds of them attacking them one at a time wouldn't be possible. So, Ryan would have to find another way to reach the dungeon. However, he needed to be fast because the number of goblins was increasing.

Regardless, Ryan didn't have any other option but do it. His strategy would be simple. He would spread several arrows around the camp and in the tall grass. Ryan couldn't let himself being discovered, so he would have to change his position several times. Ryan also couldn't carry hundreds of arrows, so putting them in strategic points was necessary.

"Given that they are creating a base, I doubt that many of them will hunt and leave the camp unprotected," Ryan concluded. "Still, I have to accept the risks of facing them I need to enter that dungeon, and I can't ignore the fact that they are hunting humans."

Ryan didn't want to work or find a group to join for the time being because it would take a while for most humans to understand that that from that day onward, they would have to fight for their lives. That being said, even if he wasn't in a group, it was necessary to help others. Every single life was important, and given that humans could grow stronger really fast, every single person had a lot of potential. Letting people die would be the same as ignoring the potential that they had.

Considering that the group of humans followed the same path the goblins used previously, Ryan couldn't position his arrows near there. Ryan decided to position his arrows in the opposite direction, but it looked like he wouldn't have time for that. That group of humans began to argue, to the point where Ryan could even hear them.

"Those idiots they will reveal their position at this rate," Ryan bit his lips.

Ryan's worries turned real. He confirmed that when a group of goblins left the camp and head in a straight line toward those people. Their weapons were ready to be used, so it was only obvious that they had been noticed. Ryan could count thirty goblins. Meanwhile, that group only had six people. Despite that, they didn't back down.

"Are those guys for real?" Ryan frowned.

Maybe it was because they had firearms, but they certainly were brave or perhaps stupid. The two guys armed with swords dashed toward the goblins, so Ryan began to wonder how they expected to get some support from the people on the backline when they were near the enemies. Those two were quite tall and physically well-built. Still, only that wasn't enough to make them able to last against the goblins for more than a few seconds. However, Ryan changed his mind when he saw one of them cutting the heads of two goblins with a single swing of his sword.

" They aren't half bad," Ryan smiled, visibly impressed.

Ryan changed his plan; it would be better to offer support for those guys since they were pretty fast and strong. Their sword swings were a bit clumsy, but at the very least, they compensated for that with their guts. Still, Ryan would have to move a little in order to avoid hitting them by mistake. They were fast, so they could get in the way of his arrows, after all.

Ryan would have to create more arrows if the battle escalate, so he had to conserve his mana. He also would have to be fast, so instead of focusing on headshots, Ryan would focus on wounding and slowing down the goblins.

At the same time, the backline began to use their firearms in order to prevent the two warriors from getting surrounded. Ryan began to fire his arrows. Those two frowned when they saw the goblins getting hit by arrows coming from an unexpected direction, but they soon understood that they weren't the targets. So, they recovered from the surprise and finished the goblins that got hit by them.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! The skill Archery has leveled up.

Archery Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Increases damage when using bows by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Concentration has leveled up.

Concentration Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Increases passively dexterity by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Eagle Eyes has leveled up.

Effect: Increases the range of long-range weapons by one percent per level.

Eagle Eyes Lv 4  Lv 5

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1