Chapter 35: Meeting An Old Acquaintance

Chapter 35: Meeting an old acquaintance

As expected, Daniel's group managed to defeat the goblins before Ryan killed those who tried to attack him. Even before the second group could be sent to deal with the invaders(humans), they were already entering the camp.

" Figures, those idiots can't use their heads not even a bit," Ryan clicked his tongue while he was picking his arrows.

It couldn't be helped since Daniel was worried about his father and Ryan's attack doomed the entire camp, so he also hurried to the camp in order to finish the goblins there.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Even without fighting, Ryan was still receiving coins. It was useful to know that he could indirectly obtain coins like that, but Ryan would avoid causing too much destruction if he could. Flying monsters might appear at any minute since the camp was about to become a massive bonfire, after all.

"Son of a bitches" Ryan clicked his tongue.

Since the village was blocking his field of vision, Ryan didn't notice, but many goblins were retreating to the dungeon. For the good or worse, they were relatively smart monsters, so they knew very well the battles they couldn't win. Given that there was a goblin boss at the end of the dungeon, it was only natural that they would head there. Regardless, that was a problem for later. Ryan had to finish off the ones who didn't escape yet.

Once he crossed the burning gates of the camp, Ryan saw Daniel, Mia, and the other four protecting a group of six wounded survivors. They seemed pretty beaten down, so they couldn't help. Still, it wasn't necessary the goblins that tried to approach them got split in two by Daniel and the other guy.

" They can deal with that, so I can focus on doing my own things," Ryan said and then begun his hunt.

Around one hundred fifty goblins managed to escape to the dungeon, but the village's remaining died. Ryan didn't know why he felt so worried a few hours ago. Despite their aggressiveness, goblins were pretty dumb. Perhaps their numbers and the fact that they could scare the crap out of anyone since they were ugly was the cause of their danger level.

Regardless, Ryan managed to kill thirty of them just by burning the fences, and he killed thirty others. Although he obtained a lot of coins, his skills didn't level up all that much since he used some tricks.

Class: Hunter Lv 03 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 13/13 (0, 0350)

Mana: 06/19 (0, 0350)

Stamina: 18/20 (0, 0350)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 30 (+11)

Speed: 21 (+3)

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06 (+3)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 06

Recovery: 18 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 579

Status: 04

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 05, Concentration Lv 05, Archery Lv 05, Accuracy Lv 04, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 02, Precision Lv 02, Swordsmanship Lv 01, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 02, Meditation Lv 02, Flame Arrow Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03, Sleep Resistance Lv 01,

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan said and then sighed.

Fortunately, the weapons the goblins used survived the fire, and some of them even dropped some items. So, Ryan collected the loot and organized it in the center of the village while Daniel and Mia were looking after the wounded prisoners.

Old Ring of the Hunter

Effect: Increases the user's dexterity by three points.

Durability: 09/20

Rustic Gloves

Effect: Increases the user's dexterity by four points.

Durability: 09/20

"One hundred fifty goblins died, but I didn't find the same number of pieces of equipment" Ryan frowned. "I guess some of the goblins didn't have a single item with them. In any case, even though I probably won't use it, I should take a rustic knife and a rustic spear in order to learn Knife Master and Spearmanship."

It was a bit weird, if not suspicious, that the goblins didn't have a single armor or even shield, but Ryan decided not to think too much about it. He obtained two items that increased his dexterity, so he obtained a lot more than he had expected. As for the rest of the items, he decided to leave them behind since he couldn't carry everything or sell it at the dungeon shop. However, after he turned around, Ryan saw Daniel and Mia approaching alongside the other survivors. He had a really hard time, not clicking his tongue in front of Daniel's father. He was a man in the middle of his fifties, so one could easily see the signs of the age. Some white hair, wrinkles However, one could also see someone who trained his body for decades. Ryan could easily imagine him taking down a few goblins with his bare hands before he got knocked down by them.

"You are Ryan, right?" Daniel's father asked. "Boy, I barely recognized you."

" Long time no see, Mr. John Smith," Ryan said.

"You changed I heard what happened to your parents, so I guess it is only obvious," John said, a bit surprised while looking at Ryan. "Did something happen? I still think that you changed a bit too much before you looked like a very happy and funny young man, but now you make me recall your father when he suddenly returned after a few days of a difficult hunt. Come to think of it Daniel mentioned that you and Mia were engaged, but you two, now are I guess I shouldn't pry."

"Yeah you shouldn't," Ryan said and then massaged his eyebrows to control his anger. "Anyway I wish you good luck, from now-" Ryan said but then was forced to stop when a flash suddenly appeared east of there.

Everyone noticed the flash and then looked in that direction, trying to see what happened, but they found nothing. However, after a few minutes even from very far away, they could see a mushroom cloud been formed a nuke just had been used.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1