Chapter 42: No Luck

Chapter 42: No luck

The very moment Ryan relaxed, he began to feel the terrible state his body was in. Despite that, he didn't retreat. After picking a few arrows, he followed the corpse's trail, trying to see if the goblins had dropped something.

Old Might Ring

Effect: Increases the user's strength by three points.

Durability: 20/20

Old Hard Ring

Effect: Increases the user's endurance by three points.

Durability: 20/20

Old Wisdom Ring

Effect: Increases the user's intelligence by three points.

Durability: 20/20

"No luck this time again, huh" Ryan said and then sighed. "Well, at least the goblins had some weapons so I can trade them later"

Ryan reached a point where keeping his eyes open was already painful, so after picking those rings and equipping them, he headed toward the entrance of the dungeon. He needed to sleep, but he couldn't do that inside a dungeon. So, he left the place, walking like a zombie.

Thanks to his appearance, Daniel and Mia opened their eyes widely when Ryan showed himself. However, he didn't even recognize them. All he could see were some dark silhouettes. Ryan headed toward the destroyed goblins' camp and then looked for something that he could use to cover himself. The first thing he found was the top of one of the jails that had been used to lock John and the others. After falling on the ground and putting that piece of wood over himself. Ryan slept like a rock.

Ryan didn't know how many hours had passed, but the very moment his consciousness begun to work properly was the moment that he woke up and got up. The memories of the previous day were still vivid in the head of the half-asleep Ryan, but then he frowned when he recalled the battle against the goblins and couldn't feel his body was itchy. His pants were a bit dirt, but he wasn't sleeping under a piece of wood, and he wasn't covered in dirt and blood. Someone had cleaned him

"Tsk" Ryan clicked his tongue because he could imagine how he did that. "I have to learn a skill that can let me keep myself aware of the surroundings when I sleep."

Ryan was still in the center of the destroyed goblins' camp, but someone had built a tent over him and also made put a blanket under him. Being treated nicely like that by the ones he hated was annoying in many ways, but he couldn't complain. It was their way of repaying the favor of the previous day and for the weapons.

"You woke up sooner than I expected," John said. "I bet you are hungry today on the menu; we have some cold sandwiches."

Ryan turned around and saw some sleeping tents behind him. Inside one of them, Ryan saw John and other people sitting cross-legged. Two of them were the black-haired women who had been rescued the previous day. The other was the tall guy who Ryan threatened.

"No, thanks," Ryan said and then grabbed his backpack. "I have my own food and water."

Ryan wanted to eat something warm, but he wasn't crazy enough to make a fire in an open space like that. It was already a miracle that monsters hadn't attacked him while he was sleeping since some colorful sleeping tents were near him, but he didn't want to test his luck even further by making a campfire.

In any case, Ryan decided to eat only to shut up his growling stomach and not for the taste, and he did it so while he was checking his status. Even after killing hundreds of goblins, he didn't obtain a single item that would help him considering his fighting style, so he allocated the points he obtained into luck. He didn't know if that would increase the chance of obtaining drops, but it was the only thing he could think of to improve that situation.

Class: Hunter Lv 04 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 13/14 (0, 0416)

Mana: 21/25 (0, 0416)

Stamina: 21/23 (0, 0416)

Strength: 07 (+3)

Dexterity: 33 (+14) (+12)

Speed: 24 (+4)

Intelligence: 06 (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+3)

Control: 06 (+4)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 09

Recovery: 22 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 2121

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 05, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 01, Rapid Shot Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 06, Concentration Lv 06, Archery Lv 06, Accuracy Lv 06, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 03, Precision Lv 02, Swordsmanship Lv 01, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 01, Tracking Lv 01, Spearmanship Lv 01, Knife Mastery Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 02, Meditation Lv 04, Flame Arrow Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03, Sleep Resistance Lv 02,

"Even after all that fighting, I don't have enough coins to buy a single tome," Ryan bit his lips, annoyed. "Magic is convenient for a reason, but the price to learn spells isn't cheap."

While Ryan was mumbling to himself and checking his status and skills, he felt that someone watched him. That was a bit annoying, so he turned around again and saw John, the tall and two women looked at him for some unknown reason.

" Can I help you with something?" Ryan asked.

"It looks like you know more about what is happening," John replied. "At least more than we do, so I would like to exchange the information we have."

"I only know what I experienced," Ryan shrugged. "Don't expect to understand what is happening just by asking me. Still, I guess something like that is necessary The others will want to hear what I know. Where are they?"

"They will return soon," John replied. "It is their turn to train in the dungeon."

Ryan was quite impressed that John and the other were already taking turns while training in the dungeon. However, given that they obtained a lot of weapons from the goblins the previous day, it wasn't that unexpected.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1