Chapter 48: Shock

Chapter 48: Shock

Ryan was a bit surprised when he heard the voice of a kid, but such thoughts only lasted for a fraction of a second. Without a hint of hesitation, he approached the remote-control car and stepped on it with all his might, and only stopped when the toy had been completely destroyed.

"It is too late to notice that, but I don't really like being called short" Ryan frowned. "It is not like this is the first time this happened, but in the past, I never took that too seriously Anyway, I guess I went too far. What kind of adult destroys a kid's toy after hearing something like that?"

In any case, it was a bit too late to worry about that. After storing the plastic bottles in his backpack. Ryan began to look for a house that had cameras and quickly found a big one. He used the tall walls of that one to observe the gas station early and he didn't notice that that place had vigilance cameras.

"Good grief being a decent person is a massive pain in the ass," Ryan sighed.

Despite being in what seemed to be an ordinary residential area, that house really stands out. The walls were five meters tall and Ryan could see two vigilant cameras in all corners of the terrain. There were no blind spots not only that, but the house also had three floors and seemed pretty new. The owners were probably rich and their kid was the person who was controlling the remote-control car. Regardless, it was close to a miracle that that house hadn't been destroyed by monsters. Even though the walls were tall, Ryan was pretty sure velociraptors could find a way to climb it and there are also the pterodactyls.

"Hey, can you hear me?" Ryan said while he was waving to one of the cameras. "Those cameras look pretty expensive so they can capture sound. What do you want from me? As an apology for breaking your toy, at the very least I will hear you out."

" I want you to find someone for me," A voice of a girl came out from the cameras. " My parents they left two days ago and didn't return."

Ryan massaged his eyebrows because he imagined something like that. The monsters didn't attack that house because they didn't feel any presence there. Since she was a kid, her presence was weak. In any case, Ryan didn't even have to ask, he already knew that her parents worked at Shreveport. However, he had no intention of going there and if they didn't return in two days, that means that they will never return.

"Oh man what should I do here? Tell the inconvenient truth or lie to a kid?"

Ryan looked around and saw the marks of blood even in front of that house. He didn't have to lie because that kid had seen with her eyes what the monsters were capable of. It was unfortunate, but even kids would have to grow up a bit faster if they wanted to survive with the world in that state.

"The chances of your parents being alive are low, and you know that" Ryan said and then sighed. "Unfortunately, I can't look for them, I don't want to die yet and unless you have lived under a rock in the last few days, then you know why I don't want to go."

" My parents have money if you protect them, they will reward you" The girl insisted after a few moments of silence.

"What am I doing here" Ryan sighed again. "This is a waste of time Look, your parents won't return anytime soon. In fact, as I said, the chances are that they won't return. I will say this just once. You won't last long here the dragons will eventually destroy all the big cities and then they will continue their work in areas nearby those cities. I won't guarantee that you will find them someday, but you won't find them by dying here just leave a message behind and then come with me. I know some people that can look after you while you wait for your parents."

Class: Hunter Lv 04 /--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 13/14 (0, 05)

Mana: 21/2 (0, 05)

Stamina: 21/28 (0, 05)

Strength: 07 (+3)

Dexterity: 33 (+14) (+12)

Speed: 24 (+4)

Intelligence: 06 (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+3)

Control: 06 (+4)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 13

Recovery: 27 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 3721

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 06, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 02, Rapid Shot Lv 02, Herculean Strength Lv 02,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 06, Concentration Lv 06, Archery Lv 06, Accuracy Lv 06, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 03, Precision Lv 03, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 01, Tracking Lv 01, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 02, Martial Arts Lv 02,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 03, Meditation Lv 05, Flame Arrow Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 03, Sleep Resistance Lv 02,

Ryan didn't receive an answer, but he still waited for a while checking his status and allocating the status points he obtained. In the end, after five minutes of waiting, Ryan gave up. He had hoped too much waiting for a kid to understand the current situation. It was a pity to leave a kid to rely on her own luck, but Ryan couldn't do anything more than that. Force her to leave her house and then leave her in John's hands? That was insane

However, the very moment Ryan began to walk, the gate of the house opened. Ryan approached but didn't see anyone there. He didn't know how the gate could work when he couldn't see any sign of electricity in that area, but those thoughts disappeared from his head when he began to hear the sound of a wheelchair coming from the house.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1