Chapter 44: Iron Crossbow

Chapter 44: Iron Crossbow

Daniel still tried to convince Ryan for quite a while, but in the end, he gave up since Ryan was meditating and creating arrows. He couldn't hunt goblins while John's group was hunting, but he could always keep training.

Congratulations! The skill Meditation has leveled up.

Meditation Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Restores five points of mana per minute.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Mana Transfusion has leveled up.

Mana Transfusion Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Transfer three points of mana per second to objects.

Cost: 01 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

After creating one hundred arrows, Ryan marked some trees and used those marks as targets, but before doing that, he tried to transfuse his mana into those trees, but in the end, he failed.

"I guess objects that have mana aren't the only things I can't give my mana," Ryan said while he was scratching the back of his head. "I guess Telekinesis doesn't work that way"

Ryan didn't know how, but he wanted to learn how to produce the arrows himself. Although he could level up his Mana Transfusion just by using his bow and crossbow effects, he was quite certain that it would be much more efficient to learn the skill himself. Not to mention, he would obtain status points.

"In any case, why can we see and use the status screen, but we can't use an inventory?" Ryan said, a bit annoyed while he was carrying his arrows. "Whoever created this system, it wanted to make humans fight, but they didn't want to make things that convenient for us."

Regardless, even though it was a pain in the ass, Ryan couldn't leave that area where the dungeon was since he had to kill the goblins if John's group failed while hunting. So, he would have to endure being watched by Daniel and Mia.

Before trying to test his power, Ryan decided to see how well he could fare against targets that were fifty meters away from him. Much to his surprise, ninety-five of the hundred arrows hit the targets. Ryan was satisfied, but that much wasn't enough to make him get ahead of himself because those targets weren't moving.

"Well, let's see how powerful can be my full-powered Power Shot" Ryan said and then readied his crossbow.

With his current stamina, Ryan would be able to concentrate on the attack for seven seconds, so he did it. Unpleasant wasn't enough to describe the feeling of having stamina being drained so fast, but that had been worth the hassle. Although he only shot a simple wooden dart, his shot damaged the three quite a bit and made the branches tremble for a few seconds.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 5  Lv 6

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by six points per second.

Cost: 3.5 Stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

"I see so it is possible to train offensive skills outside combat," Ryan said, a bit surprised. "Still, even if I can, it only means that practicing against a target is more efficient."

Congratulations! The skill Rapid Shot has leveled up.

Rapid Shot Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: You can shoot an additional arrow. The number of arrows will increase every ten levels.

Cost: 02 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Dash has leveled up.

Dash Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases your speed by two points per level.

Cost: 0,6 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan spent the afternoon confirming that theory. It was a bit troublesome to spent so much energy, but since he leveled up those skills without putting his life at risk, Ryan couldn't complain.

Half an hour before sunset, Ryan decided to wash his clothes and wear the spares that he had. However, since there was no pond, river, or lake nearby, Ryan just stored his clothes inside his backpack. That would make him throw away his backpack and clothes much sooner than expected, but it couldn't be helped.

"I guess I should learn Water Arrow next" Ryan said after he changed clothes and was walking toward the dungeon. "If I hit against a tree or rock, the water would still be usable afterward"

It was a bit crazy, but Ryan couldn't help but think of using magic to solve that kind of miscellaneous problem. His goal was to become a magic archer, so it wasn't like that would be a total waste of time, after all. Ryan arrived just on time to see John's group leaving the dungeon, so he headed straight to it without even stopping at their camp.

"Hey, Ryan!" Daniel shouted. "Come dine with us before you enter the dungeon."

"Fuck off" Ryan said without raising his voice.

Ryan still had a water bottle and some cookies left to eat. It was the only things he found at Cole's house that didn't need to be cooked. However, soon he would have to worry about his meals as well. It wouldn't take long for his health to degrade if he keeps eating only cookies. Maybe he could eat monsters, but Ryan certainly didn't want to eat something humanoid, so goblins were out of the question.

"I wonder if dragons taste good" Ryan said while he was checking the dungeon shop. "Even if the pterodactyls don't taste like chicken, I would gladly eat them If I could. They look tastier than velociraptors, at the very least."

Ryan wondered if he should buy some rings that increase his dexterity. Since he wanted to kill the boss as soon as possible, he didn't discard the idea of doing it that night. However, Ryan changed his mind when he saw the price of the next crossbow.

Iron Crossbow

Effect: Consumes five points of mana to create an iron dart. Dexterity + 8

Durability: 45/45

Price: 3500 coins

"Why is the price almost eighteen times higher than the previous one?" Ryan asked, annoyed. "Is the system trying to mess with me?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1