Chapter 45: Herculean Strength

Chapter 45: Herculean Strength

Ryan would be able to buy a tome with three thousand coins and thus obtain some status points, but without a new crossbow, he didn't know if he would be able to defeat the boss of the dungeon. Even if he keeps increasing his dexterity, he would need a weapon that could increase or at the very least show the same amount of power he could display, and it was clear that the wooden crossbow couldn't do it.

"The iron crossbow will be necessary" Ryan rubbed his chin. "Not only the darts will be more durable and certainly won't break before hitting the enemy, maybe I can even reuse them."

Maybe that wasn't a good idea given that the bolts would de dirty with the blood, and the smell might lure other monsters, but considering the cost of mana, perhaps he wouldn't have any other option.

Regardless, Ryan forgot about that problem because he could hear some goblins approaching. The creatures weren't waiting anymore at the end of the dungeon; instead, they were trying to leave in groups of six, probably because they saw the mountain of corpses that Ryan left. Ryan didn't even wait for the monsters, he headed toward them, and when they finally appeared, he put three wooden bolts in their heads.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

He didn't know if it was because he put some points into luck or if it was just coincidence, but Ryan finally found an unexpected drop a tome. After opened his eyes widely in shock, Ryan touched the tome, and then the tome disappeared, and he received a notification.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Herculean Strength.

Effect: Increases your strength by one point per level temporarily.

Cost: 01 stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

"How unexpected, so we can learn skills like this too" Ryan said, visibly surprised. "Well, even though this skill won't help me all that much for the time being, it will eventually."

In any case, that skill finally made Ryan recall that he forgot to learn martial art skills. After ten minutes, Ryan found another group of six goblins, and he decided to leave one half-death to use as a guinea pig. At first, he hesitated in doing that, but when he recalled those creatures did the same to John and the other prisoners, his hesitation disappeared.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Martial Arts.

Effect: Increases damage when attacking by using kicks and punches by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan hoped to learn that skill soon, but he only learned when the goblins died of blood loss. It was the result of him hitting the goblin's limbs with his bolts Ryan once more understood that he could learn some skills after a fight. Regardless, even though Ryan tried some karate, Muay Thai, and judo moves, he only learned that skill.

"I guess it would be weird if the system could recognize every single martial art as a different skill," Ryan nodded to himself. "In any case, maybe I should keep doing this"

Although Ryan could defeat six goblins pretty fast, he had no intention of challenging the boss for the time being. He was heading to the end of the dungeon just to take a peek, after all. Regardless, since he didn't know what the boss might do if the creature hears another goblin screaming, Ryan decided to begin his experiments near the dungeon's entrance.

After immobilizing the limbs of another goblin, Ryan began to train his Spearmanship and Knife Mastery. However, in the end, Ryan gave up after a single minute trying to train his skills against a monster that couldn't defend itself was no different than torture. Although the goblins were vicious little devils, Ryan didn't have the stomach to do the same thing as them not yet, anyway.

Ryan couldn't care less about their opinions, but John, Daniel, and Mia managed to hear the grunts and the screams of the goblins. They could easily imagine what Ryan was doing, so they also felt shivers. Still, they sighed in relief when the sound stopped because that was the sign that Ryan didn't lose his head.

"I guess I still need to improve my mindset" Ryan massaged his eyebrows. "We are at war, monsters won't hesitate in torturing us, so I can't afford to show mercy That is easier said than done."

Hunting animals was easy since he would do so for their meat and hide, even though he lived in times where he didn't need to hunt Regardless, such thoughts disappeared when Ryan finally arrived at the area where he had killed the last goblin because he didn't find anything there.

"Did John and the others get rid of the bodies?" Ryan frowned. "They didn't mention that it is also weird that I can't see any sign of blood."

It was weird, but it looked like the goblins' corpses just vanished in the air In any case, given the recent events, Ryan wouldn't get surprised if their bodies had turned into particles of light. However, if that happened, why didn't it happen when he was nearby?

Ryan sighed because he was forced to stop his thoughts, thanks to the appearance of another group of goblins. Fortunately, their arrival gave Ryan another idea. Ryan killed four of them and then decided to fight with his bare hands against the last goblin. That creature didn't have weapons, so it would be the perfect test subject for Ryan.

As expected, Ryan hesitated to punch the goblin's face since the creature could try to bite him. However, even though his strength wasn't impressive and Herculean Strength was at a low-level, Ryan was still heavier, and he had the advantage against the short goblins.

"Just to be safe I should always hit their chins first before going for the kill," Ryan muttered. "After shaking their brain, it will safer for me to fight those vicious bastards."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1