Chapter 41: Wall Of Corpses

Chapter 41: Wall of corpses

Ryan had to work for two hours before he could create a massive barrier of corpses on what seemed to be the final tunnel that would lead to the end of the dungeon. Even an army of goblins wouldn't be able to destroy that wall of corpses faster than Ryan could kill the goblins, and considering that there was just a small bifurcation that the goblins could use to reach him, Ryan was certain that he would obtain enough time to increase the corpses on that barrier.

"If they hurry, only three will be able to cross that bifurcation, one at a time, would be perfect, but I guess hoping for that would be too much," Ryan shrugged.

Despite being covered in blood, sweat, and dirt, Ryan felt relaxed after working hard. On his right side, there was a pile of corpses a very scary sight, but Ryan still decided to sleep for a while. However, it looked like he wouldn't be able to rest. Suddenly the ground began to tremble, and Ryan also started to hear the sound of footsteps.

"Oh, boy" Ryan sighed and then got up. "Why my life has to be so difficult"

Ryan picked the first arrow and aimed at the bifurcation, it didn't take long for the pile of corpses begun to tremble as well, and soon after, the first goblins appeared in that bifurcation, but the creature became part of the barrier when an arrow pierced its head.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! The skill Accuracy has leveled up.

Concentration Lv 5  Lv 6

Effect: Increases the chance of causing critical hit by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

The next goblin soon appeared, but Ryan was already five meters away from his previous position and had picked his next arrow. When the creature had passed the bifurcation, the creature also received a warm welcome and joined the barrier. Things got a bit more complicated after that since the other goblins finally noticed that there was an enemy nearby. Three goblins suddenly appeared in the bifurcation. Ryan wouldn't be able to kill those three at the same, nor did he want to do that using his crossbow. Instead of that, Ryan shot just one dart and fired Flame Arrows. The creatures began to burn quite nicely since Ryan had aimed at the clothing instead of their faces. After that, Ryan shot another Flame Arrow at the middle of the pile of corpses where he had put all the clothes he had taken off from the goblins. The flames spread easily thanks to it, and soon all the pile of corpses was burning.

"I guess this made all the traumatic work of seeing the goblins naked worthwhile" Ryan covered his mouth for a second since he felt a short wave of dizziness. "I feel like puking just by thinking about it"

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Ryan didn't know what their clothes were made of. Probably they used the hide of some monster that was weak to fire since the pile of corpses begun to burn the goblins at an astonishing pace. However, Ryan knew he couldn't rely on that the more the goblins passed the bifurcation, the weaker the flames got. After just a few minutes, Ryan was back to his job of picking arrows from the ground and shooting at the mad goblins running toward him.

"I guess this is better than seeing dozens of them running toward me" Ryan smirked.

He was exhausted, and if he could, Ryan would sleep on the ground, but at that moment, he was too excited to care about his tiredness. Although he was fully aware that he shouldn't feel excited in that situation, Ryan couldn't help but do so. Even though a single mistake could lead to his death, he also could feel more alive than any moment he could think of the moments where he triumphed over his enemies were the moments where he could feel truly alive. Ryan's mind was bordering madness, but he couldn't care less about it.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! The skill Precision has leveled up.

Precision Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the chance of causing a critical hit by one percent per level on the targets, the longer the battle lasts.

You obtained 01 status point.

Although Ryan was excited, his mind was working enough to make him understand that little by little. The goblins were getting closer. So, he put all the points he obtained in speed. Despite that, nothing changed all that much because the enemies weren't getting faster, but Ryan was getting slower, even though he wasn't using stamina to use skills. His stamina bar was full, but it wasn't working properly since his body was at the limit. That being said, only his legs were getting heavier and slower. His upper body was still working like a machine. As if every single muscle of his arms had been oiled, every single of their movements was extremely fluid and only used the necessary amount of strength. Not only that, after nocking his arrows, Ryan immediately could see the line connecting his arrows to the heads of their targets, so he didn't have to waste time aiming.

If Ryan could have recorded that scene while watching, he would have said that he had been possessed by some kind of spirit. He didn't remember a single time where he hit so many moving targets so fast. Still, the current Ryan wasn't worried about that. He was only thinking about picking the next arrow and shooting when it was possible.

Ryan didn't know how much time had passed, but at some point, the goblins just stopped coming. He could see dozens of arrows behind him. So, he was pretty sure that some of them were still alive. He waited for a while, but no monster came, nor could he hear their approach.

"How boring" Ryan sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1