Chapter 56: Chances

Chapter 56: Chances

The sun was rising when Ryan left the dungeon. Usually, he would tell anyone who was nearby about how the battle against the boss occurred, but since John, Daniel and Mia watched everything, he didn't have to do that. He just had to bury his arm since the chances of him finding some way to heal it before it rots were close to none.

"It looks like there are all kinds of classes" Ryan muttered. "So, it wouldn't be weird if I find someone who decided to become a healer, priest, or novice, and they can heal my arm"

Considering that his long-ranged weapons skills could improve just by using status points, Ryan could make things work with his left arm. However, he wouldn't be fast like before, and his stance would be weird as well. In the best-case scenario, his range decreased by half just by losing his main arm. He would be able to compensate with magic for a while since he had some potions, but it would be better to look for a healer in the end.

"More than fifteen hundred people cleared two dungeons already, so the chances of me finding a healer aren't small," Ryan muttered.

"So, you are going to look for someone to heal your arm?" John asked.

Ryan turned around and sighed. It was only obvious that those three would be a few meters behind Ryan since they didn't have anything to do inside the dungeon for the time being Regardless, he was too tired to get angry at them.

Since Ryan wasn't depressed or complaining because of his arm, Daniel and John didn't have to worry about him. As for Mia, she wasn't avoiding his eyes anymore. He also was fully aware that she had better things to do than to feel guilty while Ryan is nearby.

" Yes," Ryan replied.

"May I ask where you are heading now?" John asked.

"What are you going to do with that information?" Ryan frowned.

"Nothing, I'm just curious," John shrugged. "If anything, it would be good to have a direction to follow after clearing this dungeon. I hoped that some survivors would appear eventually, but since we are a few hundred meters from the high road, it looks like that won't happen. Our idea is to create a bigger survivor's camp in a place that other survivors can find. It looks like the better places to create those camps are near the dungeons. Even though it is dangerous, we need to have quick access to the dungeon shop."

Ryan really didn't want to be followed by Mia and Daniel, but since John wouldn't leave that place unless he is sure about the group's strength, it would take a while for that to happen. Besides, Ryan would head to a dangerous place.

"If you really want to know, then I will tell you," Ryan smirked. "I'm going to Shreveport; it looks like there is a velociraptors' dungeon in the north of the city. So, it is the best place to look for a healer."

Even John had a hard time keeping a straight face after hearing that. Ryan had lost an arm, he was exhausted after a difficult battle, and more importantly, the dragons might still be around. If they weren't near a dungeon that could grant them the chance to obtain power, John's group would have moved even much farther away from civilization.

"Don't even try to stop me," Ryan said. "I don't know where I can find another dungeon, so I don't have any other choice. Besides, I need to see with my own eyes the destruction caused by the dragons."

"Why?" Daniel asked.

"It is none of your business," Ryan replied.

Ryan turned around again and then begun to walk where he hid the motorcycle. Walking while carrying his cut off, was weird and uncomfortable in a way that Ryan couldn't even describe. Still, he was more worried about how he would drive with a single arm, and he was also a bit worried about Zoe because he could relate more or less to her situation. He just lost his parents a few days ago, after all. However, he knew that she was in good hands.

"Ryan! Take care!" Mia shouted before Ryan could disappear between a few trees.

In the end, Ryan decided to act as if he hadn't heard anything because dealing with people with the world in that situation was too tiresome. Besides, things only get more complicated when people related to them are involved.

Regardless, Ryan buried his arm at the same place he had hidden the motorcycle. Although he was near to the high road, the area was eerily silent to the point where one couldn't believe that weird monsters were destroying the world. In any case, before turning on the motorcycle, he checked his status screen. Ryan had obtained a few points during the battle, so he allocated as usual in mana, recovery, speed, and dexterity. Since those were the status he needed the most during the battle.

Class: Hunter Lv 06 / Elementalist Lv 01/--

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1554th

Health: 27/27 (0, 0555)

Mana: 34/34 (0, 0555)

Stamina: 34/34 (0, 0555)

Strength: 07 (+3)

Dexterity: 44 (+19) (+12)

Speed: 27 (+6)

Intelligence: 06 (+5)

Endurance: 07 (+8)

Control: 06 (+8)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 13

Recovery: 30 (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 24

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 07, Throw Lv 01, Dash Lv 02, Rapid Shot Lv 01, Herculean Strength Lv 02,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 07, Concentration Lv 07, Archery Lv 07, Accuracy Lv 06, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 03, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 01, Tracking Lv 01, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 02, Martial Arts Lv 02, Craft Lv 02,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 03, Meditation Lv 05, Flame Arrow Lv 06, Appraisal Lv 01, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 01, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 01, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 01,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 02, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 01

"Oh boy I still can't believe that know I have demon's blood in my veins," Ryan said after sighing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1