Chapter 58: Learning

Chapter 58: Learning

Congratulations! Your class Elementalist has leveled up.

Elementalist Lv 1  Lv 2

Intelligence + 2, Mana + 2, Health + 1, stamina + 1, recovery + 1, control +1.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Fire Enchantment has leveled up.

Stealth Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 15%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Wind Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of wind. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 15%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Water Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of water. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 15%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

While Ryan was training those new spells, he learned their ins and outs. Basically, the spell could increase the power of a single attack, and even if Ryan doesn't attack anything, the spell will stay active for five seconds. Those skills were useful to the point where Ryan could use them on his fists without worrying about wounding himself. It was weird to touch something and then make it burn while his hands didn't feel any heat, but considering that was happening thanks to his mana, it wasn't that surprising.

"Let's see the fire causes damage, the water slows down the enemies, and wind makes my attacks faster," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Not bad, considering those spells increase the power of my attacks."

While Ryan was training, he discovered that he didn't have to throw away all his possessions. He just had to toss them to the other side of the river before he jumps. Still, he threw away his dirty clothes because he was expecting to find some new ones in the city.

Without the luggage and with the added strength, Ryan managed to jump over a distance of twenty-five meters, and so he proceeds to jump over the river of magma. Still, even though he knew he was physically strong for the jump, he couldn't help but sweat cold before doing it.

"Please don't trip, dear legs," Ryan muttered. "I'm counting on you I didn't survive until now just to die after tripping."

After tossing his things to the other side of the river, Ryan readied himself to make the jump. As expected, the more he waited to calm down, the more nervous he got. So, he suddenly decided to run, and when he got close enough, he jumped. It only lasted for a moment, but Ryan sweated cold while his body was flying over the river of magma. The smell of burned asphalt, concrete, and whatever else had fallen there made Ryan feel dizzy, but fortunately, he landed on the other side without passing out. However, his ass was quite hot thanks to the heat the river was emitting.

"Phew I guess I got nervous for no reason," Ryan sighed while he was collecting his things.

Much to his surprise, probably thanks to the adrenaline boost, Ryan managed to jump over thirty meters it was quite weird. Still, considering the potential of mana, it didn't surprise Ryan that he obtained a superhuman body just after a few days of fighting. That being said, considering the number of times he almost died and got wounded, he felt like he deserved his current power.

"I guess my first step here shall be finding food and clothes," Ryan said while he was looking around. "I have to make good use of these moments before some monsters appear."

Finding a clothing store still standing would be heard, but Ryan was confident that he would find one even while he walks in a straight line toward the north of the city. However, those thoughts left his mind for a moment when he began to feel weird. It was the same feeling he had before he met Zoe. However, this time Ryan was sure that someone actually was watching him through their eyes, but he couldn't find a single house that hadn't been attacked by monsters.

"I guess some survivors decided to hide even in destroyed houses"

Ryan could see signs of human flesh on the streets, he didn't feel it before due to the magma river, but the scent of rotten bodies and flesh was strong in Shreveport. As if monsters were troublesome enough, a city in that state would certainly make the survivors get sick in a few days. Getting sick in an apocalyptic situation was one of the worst things that could happen since finding medicine would be complicated. However, that situation made Ryan ponder about other things. Since he couldn't see monsters, why the people were hiding in destroyed houses?

Soon Ryan obtained the answer to that question. After walking for two hundred meters in a straight line, he found a group of ten or so blue monsters walking around the streets as if they were looking for something or patrolling. They were bipedal, but they had fish heads

"I thoughts this city would be attacked by velociraptors what is that?" Ryan frowned.

Sahuagin  Lv 01

When Ryan saw that name, he recalled that species of monster. He saw it in some games, but since they were somewhat similar to the goblins, the Sahuagins were most of the time ignored or even left behind. At the same time, Ryan used Appraisal. The monsters looked at him. Maybe it was thanks to the wildest instincts, but it was clear that using and leveling up that skill wouldn't be so easy.

The creatures dashed toward Ryan, but he didn't even have the need to worry. His crossbow was already ready to be used. However, as expected, he was having a hard time making the weapon steady.

"Shit" Ryan bit his lips.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1