Chapter 53: Price

Chapter 53: Price

Congratulations! The skill Flame Arrow has leveled up.

Flame Arrow Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Summon and fire a Flame Arrow without having to use a bow. The damage caused will be (dexterity plus your intelligence) x 25%.

Cost: 05 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

It didn't take long for Ryan to understand how convenient magic was, he didn't know if he could do that with all spells, but he could fire five Flame Arrows per second as long as he had mana.

Ryan's mana bar became empty in just a single second, but he managed to hit the monster's face with two of his five Flame Arrows because he aimed at other parts of his body and the monster tried to block them all. The hobgoblin that was already engulfed in flames finally screamed in agony when the flames on its head increased in temperature. Despite that, Ryan could see while he was drinking another potion that the creature's eyes were still alive and full of hatred. He couldn't understand how the eyes of the monster couldn't melt in that situation, but at the very least, he could see the hair of the creature burning and fall on the ground.

Suddenly, the hobgoblin had a crazy idea. He rubbed his sword against his body and drenched the blade with gasoline and fire. It was clear what he wanted to do the hobgoblin wanted barbecue, and Ryan would be the main dish.

Ryan tried to get away from the monster once more while waiting for his mana bar to get full, but the creature was faster since Ryan had to run while looking behind. The very moment he saw the blade being swung at him, Ryan threw himself on the side, but he still felt the flames on the sword burning his clothes.

Although it was annoying, the potions could only restore five mana points per second, so Ryan had to wait a few seconds before he could fire six Flame Arrows again. However, that was also convenient because it means that Ryan wouldn't waste the potions' efficacy.

Regardless, Ryan would soon begin to burn as well if he let the hobgoblin do what he wants. Still, he couldn't outspeed the beast, and he couldn't kill it as fast as he wanted. So, Ryan decided to make another bet.

"Here goes nothing again," Ryan bit his lips.

Ryan pointed his crossbow at the monster's head again. As expected, the monster used its shield to protect its head. However, Ryan didn't shoot any bolt. Instead of that, he fired six Flame Arrows in fast succession and hit the monster's left chest. That much firepower made that part of the chainmail melt almost instantaneously. Thanks to it, the beast grunted in pain.

"All right this can stop the beast," Ryan nodded to himself. "The bastard is tough, but he isn't invulnerable to fire I can do this!"

Ryan could see his path to victory. Even if the monster were magically resilient or something, the creature would eventually suffocate to death due to the flames. He just needed to survive for a few minutes until that happens. However, even that was a bit of a risk, so Ryan decided to keep attacking the monster's left chest and hope that he would hit the heart before the creature suffocates.

However, the very moment Ryan tried to fire the next volley of Flame Arrows, something unexpected happened. When the monster saw Ryan pointing even his crossbow at it, the hobgoblin raised his shield to protect his head and moved his sword to its chest height.

"Tsk It looks like I will have to give up on the sword," Ryan clicked his tongue. "Oh well my next class is more important than that."

It was a pity, but it couldn't be helped. Ryan didn't have to aim with that much precision, he just had to keep shooting at the sword, and since the boss couldn't run at top-speed in that stance, Ryan could run around without letting the beast or the flames get too close to him.

Congratulations! The class: Hunter, has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 5  Lv 6

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

Congratulations! The skill Flame Arrow has leveled up.

Flame Arrow Lv 5  Lv 6

Effect: Summon and fire a Flame Arrow without having to use a bow. The damage caused will be (dexterity plus your intelligence) x 30%.

Cost: 06 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

As expected, fighting against powerful enemies was the key to level up skills faster. Still, Ryan didn't have time to get excited or feel satisfied by the level-ups. Not even when he could see the sword of the hobgoblin slowly but surely melting. Why? Because he could see the hatred in the creature's eyes growing stronger Ryan's father often said to him that there was nothing more dangerous than a wounded beast, so he couldn't lower his guard now.

In the end, the goblin lasted for quite a while. However, after five minutes of burning, his flesh begun to melt and fall on the ground. The smell made Ryan feel dizzy, but he withstood that because it wasn't time to pass out.

Instead of its legs, the first part of the body that gave up was the monster's left arm. It was quite a grotesque sight to see a shoulder melting like that, but if anything. Ryan only felt relieved that the battle was approaching the end. However, Ryan focused his senses again when the hobgoblin changed its posture. The creature was fifteen meters away from Ryan, but suddenly he assumed a completely offensive stance. Ryan couldn't understand what the beast was planning, but he knew that he had to move even far away from the creature. Trying to finish off the monster before it attacks was impossible.

Then suddenly, with a lightning speed in which Ryan couldn't react, the goblin threw his sword toward him. The next moment, Ryan felt a shocking pain pass through his arm that made him lose control over it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1