Chapter 55: Night Demon'S Blood

Chapter 55: Night Demon's Blood

"What the heck" Ryan frowned once a glass filled blood appeared before him and then fell on his hands. "Night Demon's Blood? I guess that is a reward for becoming part of the rank Still only a few days passed, the monsters appeared, and more than one thousand survivors cleared two dungeons? I guess I'm not the only one who is adapting way too fast."

Regardless, Ryan began to wonder how he should use that item, but the answer was clear. He had to drink it as if drinking monster's blood wasn't enough, he would have to drink one that belonged to demons. Although Ryan had imagined that demons would also be attacking Earth, he didn't expect that he would have to face them any time soon, much less drink their blood to become one-fourth demon.

"Will I grow horns or fallen angel's wings by drinking this?" Ryan rubbed his chin.

Just like classes, Ryan was pretty sure that he would obtain some power by drinking the blood, but he began to wonder if he really wanted power all that much to become a part demon. That kind of possibility also made him begun to wonder if people could become part of other races by drinking the blood of other monsters or if that was only possible if the blood was obtained by special means.

Ryan thought he would change his body to get stronger without a hint of hesitation, but now that he had the chance, he was wondering if he really wanted to change the body his parents gave him. However, such thoughts disappeared because his body wasn't the only thing he received from them. Although he wasn't exactly behaving himself in a manner that would make his parents proud, Ryan was doing his best, and whenever possible, he was helping those that needed a hand. Besides, even though Ryan knew that the blood wouldn't make him reattach his arm, he needed more power now that he lost his right hand.

" This is like a vicious cycle" Ryan sighed. "To survive, I need power. To help others, I need power. To solve most problems I need power, as well."

Ryan opened the bottle and begun to drink the blood as fast as he could while praying that he wouldn't grow wings or horns. In the blink of an eye, he began to feel the power flowing through his body. However, he didn't see or feel any real changes.

Congratulations! Now you are one fourth Night Demon!

As a night demon, you can draw power from the moon, and all of your statuses will increase by twenty percent when fighting at night.

Enemies that possess the light attribute might get enraged when they find you.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Appraisal.

Effect: This shows you the basic information of all living beings. The amount of information shown will increase the more the skill levels up.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Nocturnal Eyes.

Effect: Increases your eyesight in dark places and at night by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Only two skills, huh" Ryan muttered. "Well, both of them have a lot of potential, so I'm satisfied. Besides, I didn't grow horns and wings."

The pain in his wounds decreased, but Ryan's arm was still the same as always. Regardless, he had finished his business, so he headed toward the entrance of the dungeon. However, he was blocked by Daniel, John, and Mia.

"Are you all right?" John asked. "What did you just drink?"

The barrier only disappeared when Ryan decided to leave that area. Maybe it was just a security system created by the dungeon to give those who challenge the bosses the chance to get the rewards and recover if someone might try to backstab them. Ryan looked at the purple crystal before answering once again, he totally forgot about checking the crystal. Still, since it was an object capable of summoning monsters, perhaps it was better to stay away from it for the time being. It was better not to mess with the things he couldn't understand.

"It was the reward for becoming part of the rank," Ryan replied. "Now, I'm part demon apparently. I can't feel that, though Anyway, my job here is over. Good luck."

"Are you insane?" Daniel shouted. "Did you drink something like that without thinking? Didn't you think that could have been poisonous?"

"Shut up" Ryan glared at Daniel. "If I live or die it is none of your business."

Ryan tried to pass by them and since it was clear he wasn't in a good mood, Daniel and John opened the path, but Mia didn't move, and she faced Ryan while looking at him in the eye for the first time since the monsters appeared.

"Ryan, about what happened" Mia said.

"Spare me of your excuses," Ryan said. "I don't know why you and Daniel drunk so much that day, and I don't give a damn. At least have the dignity to accept the result of your actions, being them conscious or not."

"Yes" Mia lowered her head and then forced herself not to leave any tears flow while Ryan was nearby.

When Ryan reached the entrance of the dungeon, he let out a long sigh. Even he was surprised that he managed to say and think rationally when Mia brought that topic back. Still, even though he didn't think much about it, it was pretty obvious that something happened to make Mia drink so much. That day he found them at the motel. He could smell even from meters away the scent of alcohol He also could imagine what happened to her, but soon Ryan decided to shake those thoughts out of his head. Whatever happened, it wasn't his problem, not anymore.

Little by little, Ryan's head begun to cool down, and the pain in his arm was increasing, he wasn't bleeding that much, but the wound wasn't completely closed. As if that wasn't enough, even though Ryan used four health potions, the effects healed the wound in his arm, but not on the part that got cut off. He wouldn't be able to recover his right arm

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1