Chapter 54: Class: Elementalist

Chapter 54: Class: Elementalist

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Ryan shouted in agony when he saw a half of his right arm falling on the ground.

Blood didn't even gush from the wound or from his cut off arm. Somehow the sword on fire cauterized the wound, and Ryan felt shivers due to it. The connection between both parts of his arm had been perfectly severed, and he automatically concluded that recovery wouldn't help him with that. It was a bit too soon for that, but Ryan immediately assumed the worst.

"Ryan!" Daniel shouted.

The surprise made Ryan forget about the pain a little. He looked to the tunnel that leads to the rest of the dungeon and saw Daniel, Mia, and John hitting what seemed to be an invisible wall. It looked like they had seen the boss at some point during the day and concluded that Ryan would challenge the creature that night since he didn't hide the plastic bottles full of gasoline.

They had followed Ryan to help in case something unexpected happens. Still, they didn't expect that the dungeon would create an invisible barrier that would prevent those who challenged the boss from escaping the final battle in all dungeons was a battle to the death, and the barrier would disappear once one side wins.

Ryan decided to ignore those three and focus on the enemy in front of him, but the little bastard had thrown away its weapon, knowing it would die anyway. Before the monster could fall on the ground and die, the beast smirked while looking at Ryan.

"Son of a bitch" Ryan clicked his tongue.

You obtained two hundred coins.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Resistance has leveled up.

Heat Resistance Lv 1  Lv 3

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all fire-type attacks by one point per level.

You obtained 02 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Heat Resistance has leveled up.

Heat Resistance Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all fire-type attacks by one point per level even when they don't damage you directly.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

Rage Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Sacrifices temporarily four percent of your mana, intelligence, control, mentality, and willpower to increase temporarily your health, stamina, strength, endurance, and speed by the same amount.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan was still having a hard time enduring the pain in his right arm, but for the good or for the worst, the cauterization decreased the pain, or at least he thought. It was hard to tell if he actually had the guts to endure that kind of pain. To make Ryan even madder, a group of six goblins suddenly appeared in front of the purple crystal and immediately ran toward him. However, he exploded their heads by using Flame Arrows.

"I need to hurry" Ryan muttered. "Maybe some health potions will help me to fix my arm, but first"

Ryan checked the hobgoblin's sword; the weapon broke the very moment it hit the wall behind Ryan, so it was just a piece of junk. It was heavy and didn't grant him any status points. The chain mail had melted completely, but it still could be used even though the shield was quite damaged.

Buckler

Effect: Increases the user's health by ten points and endurance by five points.

Durability: 05/50

"Bastard at least drop something decent," Ryan clicked his tongue.

Ryan couldn't help but feel that he lost more than he had gained by fighting the hobgoblin. Maybe all his problems would be solved by obtaining the next class, but hoping for that was a bit too much. It would be insane to get something so convenient given the things that he experienced over the last week.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Viking, Merchant, and Elementalist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan had considered that his options would be like advancements of his hunter class, but it looked like that wasn't the case. Although he was interested in Viking and Merchant, only Elementalist seemed to be the option that would help him reach the goal of becoming a magic archer. So, he ended up choosing that.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Elementalist!

You obtained the following skills: Lesser Fire Enchantment, Lesser Wind Enchantment, and Lesser Water Enchantment.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by two points, your health, stamina, recovery, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lesser Fire Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 10%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lesser Wind Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of wind. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 10%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lesser Water Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of water. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 10%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

It looked like Ryan obtained what he was looking for. Still, since it looked like it would take a while before he can freeze or shock his enemies, he only felt like he had paid a high price for it. In any case, his job there was over. So, Ryan picked his crossbow and arm and then prepared to head to the entrance of the dungeon, but his surprises didn't end there.

Congratulations! You have cleared your second dungeon. As such, you have earned the right to join the ranks of the strongest warriors on your planet! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 1554th

You obtained Night Demon's Blood.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1