Chapter 64: Explanation

Chapter 64: Explanation

Ryan massaged his eyebrows while Lilian explained to him and Jacob's family what had happened. Just like Ryan, they understood that they had to hurry and obtain power as fast as possible. Since a Sahuagins' dungeon appeared near the lake, they decided to use it as a base and strengthen the group. They had twenty or so survivors, and since the very moment the dragons disappeared, they began to hunt the Sahuagins. After twenty or so hours of fight, they found the dungeon's boss, and even though they lost five of their allies, they won. Much to his surprise, all of the fifteen survivors had the chance to obtain a class. However, an idiot attacked the purple crystal, and that caused a forced dungeon break.

"Thousands of Sahuagins spawned in the next minutes, and thirty bosses appeared as well," Lilian explained with a dark expression. "We lost five other allies while trying to escape"

"What about the guy who attacked the purple crystal?" Ryan asked.

" He died when it happened," Lilian hesitated for a few seconds.

Ryan wondered if she had told the truth. Even though Lilian didn't avoid his gaze, her hesitation was clear in her voice. Regardless, even if the idiot were alive, it wouldn't change the fact that Ryan had a massive problem in front of him, he probably would find the treasure box at the end of the dungeon, but he would have to defeat a few bosses instead of a single boss.

"You don't seem surprised" Lilian looked at Ryan without hiding her surprise. "Did you already obtain a class?"

"Yes" Ryan replied. "In any case, what classes can be obtained in the dungeon?"

"The classes are Monk, Gunslinger, and Siren," Lilian replied. "I'm a Monk. May I ask what class did you choose and where is the dungeon you cleared?"

"You can, but I don't have to answer," Ryan shrugged. "But at the very least, I can tell you where you can find the dungeons I found."

Everything was making sense now. While Ryan ignored Lilian's irritated eyes, he began to wonder what he should do. He didn't want to work with someone who was lying to him, but Ryan decided to forget that point because she did it to protect someone. So, at the very least, due to that kind of behavior, Ryan felt a bit relaxed around her. If anything, she looked to be the group leader, and she was the one who said she would look for other survivors, so she wasn't a bad person.

Lilian was a monk, a melee fighter. If she could fight against the Sahuagins up close, she was the perfect ally, at least for the time being. In order to reach the last part of the dungeon as fast as possible, Ryan couldn't work alone. Although he was secretive, everyone knew that it was the smart thing to do. Lilian couldn't do that because she was the leader of the group. Even if she wanted, she couldn't act like that. In order to make a decent survivor's group, Lilian couldn't act considering her only interests.

"It looks like you guys are looking for survivors to exterminate the Sahuagins," Ryan said. "You saw us fighting, right? Do you think we can help?"

"We don't have any other option but accept all the help we can get" Lilian sighed. "We need to help as many people as possible and make them obtain their classes. I don't know how or when you lost your arm, but considering that you still look fine despite having a single hand, you will be a great asset for us. However, our ultimate goal is to help all the survivors. So, the things we obtain will be shared equally among all the survivors."

That sounded like a pain, but as long as the items obtained are shared among those who contribute to monsters' extermination, he wouldn't mind. Ryan didn't want to spend weeks working hard alone to clean the streets from the Sahuagins, after all.

"I don't mind sharing items. As for the coins, they are shared by the system, so it isn't a problem," Ryan said. "However, if I find a tome, I won't give it to others."

"There are certain exceptions for those rules that is one of them," Lilian explained. "As for items, if you find a better item than the current one that you use, you can keep it. But it would be wiser to give the old one to someone else."

"I guess that is fine," Ryan said.

"It looks like everything is decided then. What about you three?" Lilian asked while facing Jacob, Bella, and Edward. "You guys still want to come with us knowing that we messed up before creating a decent survivors' camp?"

"We want to come with you," Jacob said after looking at his wife and son. "We don't know how many of us survived, but I think that all the survivors need to band together to recover our society."

Ryan couldn't help but let out a long sigh after hearing that. He honestly couldn't believe that humanity would be able to recover in his generation. Dallas got nuked and probably wasn't the only city that was destroyed by that kind of weapon. Dragons still were around, and they would keep destroying cities their only option was to kill all the monsters before trying to rebuild anything.

"Well, before get going, we should get all the food we can get from this place," Lilian said and then entered the convenience store. "We lost all our supplies, so we need to scavenge all the food we can find."

Ryan frowned when he saw Lilian moving a fallen wall and then repaired a destroyed cart with her bare hands. She didn't look like it, but she was absurdly strong and perhaps an airhead since she filled that, and several other carts with food, and those would make a lot of noise.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1