Chapter 67: Weird Favor

Chapter 67: Weird Favor

Ryan was a bit sleepy, so before he could wake up for real, he laid on the table again and closed his eyes. This time, he didn't wake up for several hours, so he felt refreshed when he woke up. The police station's interior was still dark with the exception of a few flashlights, so it looked like he still had some time before sunrise.

"I guess I went too far" Ryan sighed once he recalled the things he did with a middle-aged man.

"Yes, you went too far," Lilian said.

Ryan's heart almost stopped when he suddenly heard a voice coming from behind. Little by little, his eyes adjusted to the darkness, and then he saw Lilian and the blonde teenager behind him and near the police station entrance. Now that he noticed, the other survivors weren't around, and only Lilian's group and Jacob's family were close to the entrance and sleeping.

"Where are the others?" Ryan asked. "Are they sleeping in the cells or something?"

"Yes, they are," Lilian answered as if it was a matter of fact. "Those weren't destroyed, and there were some beds there Regardless, I have a favor to ask you. I want you to burn my hands."

" What?" Ryan frowned. "If you are a masochist, I'm not into that kind of roleplay. Look for someone else."

"I want to learn the skill that man learned," Lilian said. "Besides, you will be able to train the skill as well, so you don't have anything to lose."

"I guess it is fine" Ryan sighed. "Don't regret it later, though."

Ryan offered a handshake, and Lilian readied held his hand, but then she began to tremble when Ryan activated Lesser Fire Enchantment. However, she countered those effects by using the healing skill she used before. Unfortunately, since she had less mana than Ryan and thus she was forced to retreat.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Fire Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 20%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Ouch which class did you pick to be able to do this?" Lilian asked.

"Ten kilometers south of here, there is a goblins' dungeon," Ryan replied. "If you go there, you will find the answer to your question."

" You said that you could tell that man the location of some secure places," Lilian said. "Are you talking about other survivors' camps near dungeons? You managed to clear two dungeons before coming to Shreveport?"

"Who knows" Ryan shrugged. "Rather than waste time asking questions, you should meditate and recover your mana. If you want, I can help you level up Fire Resistance. That being said, I don't think that will be of much use against Sahuagins. I also can make you learn some other skills, so hurry up and recover your mana."

Fortunately, it looked like Lilian knew about Meditation. Ryan didn't know if that skill could level up like that, but Ryan kept his other enchantments active, and when his mana was empty, he began to meditate.

Congratulations! For meditating for the equivalent of six hours, your mana and intelligence have increased by one point.

Ryan frowned when he received that notification it looked like he could do other things aside from fighting monsters and level up skills in order to increase his status. That being said, it wouldn't be easy, and it would be very time-consuming.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Wind Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser WindEnchantment

Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 20%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Water Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 20%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Two hours later, the sun began to rise, and Ryan felt quite satisfied in knowing that he could train some of his skills outside battles and even do some things like meditate to increase his status. Meanwhile, even though Lilian obtained three skills, she looked exhausted.

"That is why I told you should rest," The blond teenager suddenly said even though his eyes were closed. "We still have to look for more survivors, and you didn't sleep in two days."

"I didn't raise you to pretend that you are sleeping while observes other people, Luke," Lilian before pinching Luke's nose. "It will be painful, but I recommend that you at least learn those three skills and train them once your health increases."

"Nice to meet you. My name is Luke," Luke said and then offered a handshake.

Ryan nodded and then activated Lesser Fire Enchantment. When he noticed what was happening, Luke pulled his hand back and glared at Ryan. It looked like he only wanted to greet him and would leave the training for later.

"My bad," Ryan forced a smile.

Just like Lilian, Luke didn't have any weapons. Since those were rare, he didn't have any protective gear either. So, Ryan couldn't help but frown, imagining how they spend the coins they obtained. In any case, despite his age, Luke looked quite strong as if he was a boxer as well.

" How did you lose your right arm?" Luke said after hesitating a little bit.

"It is a long story" Ryan shrugged.

"We have time," Luke said. "We will only look for more survivors after everyone wakes up and eat something. Thanks to your demonstration, everyone looked pretty eager to hunt monsters and obtain some skills."

"In that case, instead of wasting time talking, I will make good use of my time to train my skills."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1