Chapter 68: Plot

Chapter 68: Plot

As expected, it was convenient to move in groups since the battles got much easier, but waiting for others to do most things was a pain. Still, as long as Ryan needs to work with Lilian's group, he would have to follow their rules. Besides, he was a bit worried about the boss they mentioned the previous day. Judging by the number of coins he could obtain alone, goblins and Sahuagins were at the same level. However, he didn't know if the same could be said of the bosses. Ryan also had to worry about their numbers

"I don't know why they are protecting the dungeon, but it is clear that they are plotting something. Maybe I can't jump to conclusions, but I'm pretty sure we are in a race against time. Even monsters need to eat to live, but the bosses aren't hunting that only means that their job is more important than their lives."

Regardless, Ryan decided to train his skills since worrying endlessly wouldn't help him in any way. The most important skill he needed to train was Appraisal, so he used that until his mana was empty on the humans nearby and then meditated. He repeated that a few times, and then he finally leveled up the skill.

Congratulations! The skill Appraisal has leveled up.

Appraisal Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: This shows you the basic information of all living beings. The amount of information shown will increase the more the skill levels up.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Lilian  Monk Lv 05

Health: 32/32

"Yep I have to keep leveling up this skill," Ryan muttered.

Luke and Lilian frowned since Ryan was constantly stopping his meditation to look at them. They couldn't tell that he was using Appraisal, but it was obvious that he was training some useful skills. Since it could be used on allies, Ryan didn't know if there was a difference in efficiency in using it on humans or monsters, but if there were a difference, it would be pretty obvious that it would be more convenient use on monsters.

Regardless, Ryan was starving so after leveling up Appraisal. He had his breakfast. Today's menu was orange juice and bread and as if that wasn't worrisome enough, all the food they obtained the previous day was already ending since sixty people had to eat.

"I think we should divide ourselves into four groups today," Luke said. "Like yesterday, two groups will look for survivors while the other two will search for food."

"That seems like a good idea, but given that only a few of us can kill the Sahuagins, it will be difficult to divide our forces," Lilian nodded. "What do you think, Ryan?"

"What I think?" Ryan frowned. "I think today is a nice day to hunt monsters. The sky is clear, and I don't think the forecast warned about the possibility of dragons."

" I was asking about what we should do about Luke's idea," Lilian massaged her eyebrows.

"Do whatever you want," Ryan shrugged. "I will help for the time being."

Lilian and Luke looked at each other, wondering what Ryan meant by that. It looked like they never considered that Ryan had his own goals and would only help them for a while. Ryan didn't want to involve himself with them because it would be a pain in the long run. Still, it looked like Lilian noticed that he didn't want that.

"Ryan what is your goal?" Lilian asked. "Why did you come to this city knowing that the dragons might still be around and have destroyed almost everything."

"My current goal is to clear the Sahuagins' dungeon and get the next class," Ryan replied.

"And after that?" Lilian asked.

"After that, I will look for the velociraptor's dungeon and then clear it," Ryan answered. "Before you ask the same question again, I will keep looking for dungeons and clear them."

" Why?" Lilian frowned.

"Because everyone needs the power to survive in this world, and I'm no different," Ryan replied. "Besides, the few experiences of interacting with other survivors led me to believe that it is better if I keep doing my own things."

"You don't look like a bad person. Are you sure this is the time to pursue power?" Lilian asked. "There isn't someone that you need to look for?"

"Nope," Ryan answered. "Those who I cared about are no longer among us. Now, I will be thankful if you don't keep asking me questions. Our goals are aligned, so we can work together, but that doesn't mean we have to become friends or that we have to explain to each other our motives even though I already did it. That reminds me"

Ryan got up and approached the group of survivors that were eating their breakfast silently and then tried to look for a couple that seemed to be rich. However, it was hard to identify people like that, considering the things that they had to endure to survive.

"Does any of you have a house outside of the city?" Ryan asked after drawing everyone's attention.

" Why are you asking us that?" The gray-haired man asked after a few moments of hesitation.

"Don't answer my question with another question" Ryan sighed. "Does any of you has a twelve years old daughter? I found a girl around that age before coming to this city."

"I have" The gray-haired man said.

" What is her name?" Ryan was already ready to face-palm before even receiving an answer.

"Zoe she has short-blond hair, she wears glasses, and she can't walk did you did you find her?" The gray-haired man approached Ryan and grabbed his shoulders. "You found her, right? Is she fine?"

"Yes she is fine," Ryan face-palmed. "She is with a group of survivors a few kilometers away from here now let me go."

The gray-haired man was Zoe's father coincidences are really scary. Still, now he could understand why he was so unreasonable the previous night. Although he didn't mention her, he talked as if he really wanted to leave the city and the motive as Zoe even though he tried to speak for the sake of those who didn't want to fight.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1