Chapter 61: Hurry

Chapter 61: Hurry

Ryan also considered making Jacob and Bella use the iron bolts since anyone could learn the skill Throw, but the points they obtained were used to increase their health. So, that idea was discarded.

"Let's get going," Ryan said. "I want to find those survivors before sunset."

Jacob and his family nodded, but they looked as pale as ghosts. It looked like since the monsters appeared, they didn't try to walk in the streets. Ryan concluded that since he somehow heard their stomachs grumbling.

"Did you guys live around here?" Ryan asked. "It isn't a good idea to travel while carrying many things, but since we don't know if we will find any supermarket near the area where those survivors you mentioned are, we should gather water and food in the places we find still intact."

"There are a few nearby, but" Jacob hesitated. "According to what we heard via radio, most places that had food had been attacked by monsters or destroyed by dragons."

"Figures" Ryan sighed. "Well, we can always eat monsters, so we won't starve to death."

Jacob, Bella, and Edward showed a shocked expression when they heard that. It was only obvious, even though Ryan didn't want to eat the monster's meat. It would take a long while for humanity to produce their food again. So, he couldn't think of any other solution given that the damn monsters were attacking every place with food. Although they had human-like arms and legs, Ryan wouldn't mind eating the rest of their bodies probably.

Regardless, the streets of Shreveport changed quite a lot in the last few days. Signs of blood were easy to find, and most buildings had become piles of rubble as if some cannon bullets had hit them. Although some houses still standing could be found, Ryan could see that they had been abandoned since monsters would probably look for humans there first.

It didn't take long for Ryan; Jacob and his family find a group of ten Sahuagins. Precisely, they just walked three hundred meters and found that group patrolling. Ryan sighed but then begun to question why their numbers were so high, given that some survivors were trying to help others

"There is a dungeon near the lake. It is the only explanation," Ryan muttered. "And something happened in that dungeon that made the purple crystal spawn hundreds, perhaps thousands of Sahuagins."

Before Ryan and the others could even begin to think of hiding, all of the monsters looked at Ryan. Those were some crazy instincts but Ryan didn't waste time wondering why they all looked at him at the same time.

"Now that I think about it" Ryan rubbed his chin. "I can also use Power Shot to solve the problem of my aim with the left side how could I forget that? I guess I'm too tired."

Ryan's firing speed would decrease a little, but it was better to take a while to fire a guaranteed headshot, anyway. When Ryan pulled the trigger, all the Sahuagins summoned their water spears and tried to protect their heads, but one of them still died since the speed of that projectile increased. The creature fell dead on the ground, and its allies hesitated for a little bit.

"You won't die unless they hit your head," Ryan said. "If you want to keep your wife and son safe, then do your best to hold them back."

"Yes!" Jacob clenched his teeth while he was observing the Sahuagins approaching.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Ryan managed to kill five Sahuagins before the creatures could get too close, but even so, that hadn't been enough. He grabbed the bolts he had prepared to throw and then used Lesser Wind Enchantment. The beasts raised their spears to block again, but they didn't react on time. One of his bolts pierced one of the eyes of a Sahuagin, while the other fell unconscious when the butt of the bolt hit its forehead.

Three remaining Sahuagins prepared to attack Ryan and Jacob, but only that much didn't faze Ryan. One of the Sahuagin jumped and tried to stab Jacob's head, but he stopped the creature with his shield. Meanwhile, one tried to attack Ryan by the front, and others tried to stab Ryan in the air. Instead of waiting, Ryan charged forward, activating Dash and Herculean Strength. The sudden movement caught the monsters by surprise, but Ryan ignored it, and he slashed one of the bolts he still had on the monster's eyes. The creature screamed in pain while the remaining monster passed over Ryan and landed on the ground. Instead of finishing that creature, Ryan grabbed another bolt and threw it on the neck of the Sahuagin that just landed. Surprisingly, this time the projectile flew in a straight line and pierced the back of the monster's head.

Ryan kicked both of the blinded Sahuagins, making them fall on the ground before grabbing two other bolts. This time he used all the weight of his body to make his bolts pierce their faces all the way to their brains. In agony, the creatures didn't even try to resist. Hot blood gushed on Ryan's left arm and body, but he ignored that disgusting feeling. He turned to the side and saw Jacob being overwhelmed by the Sahuagin's thrusts. Fortunately, he was fast enough to follow the monster's movement with his eyes and block the attacks before they could hit his guts. However, suddenly, the Sahuagin fell on the ground thanks to Ryan that had hit it with another crossbow.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

"I shouldn't have thrown away my short spear and knife" Ryan sighed.

Sahuagins weren't that resilient, but Ryan didn't have much choice but attack the monsters up-close since the bolts were short. Regardless, Ryan finished off the monsters that fell unconscious when his bolts hit them without even blinking. Dirt with the monsters' blood, Ryan looked like a monster himself at least that was what Jacob and his family thought when they saw the blood gushing on his clothes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1