Chapter 65: Monk'S Skills

Chapter 65: Monk's skills

Lilian's friends were quite a diverse bunch. Two of the man were monks, just like Lilian. They used swords. Still, despite that, they weren't nearly as powerful as her. Despite her appearance, Lilian was a boxer, and pretty good at that. Even when the Sahuagins dashed at her while pointing their weapons at her, she didn't hesitate in dashing toward them as well. Even though she had an absurd strength, she also could move faster and dodge the attacks of three of those monsters with ease. Not only that, before those monsters could even finish their attack movement, she could hit two of them in the face and knock them down.

"I guess those are the skills of a monk"

Lilian was strong, and she focused on speed as well, but it looked like she didn't increase her health, mana, and stamina all that much. After killing only two monsters, she would begin to sweat quite a lot, even though she looked pretty fine.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! The class: Hunter, has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 6  Lv 7

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

"Are you holding back?" Lilian asked while looking at Ryan. "You aren't wounded, so you managed to defeat more than a few Sahuagins without letting them get closer."

"I was just studying you guys' fighting style" Ryan replied. "Besides, If I use too much mana, I will have to stop and meditate to recover my mana."

Although Ryan could do better, he only killed four of the ten Sahuagins that appeared. After they got closer, he couldn't attack since Lilian and her friends were blocking his view. In any case, Ryan decided to tell the truth because he was interested in the skills she obtained when she became a Monk.

"A skill that boosts her strength and another that increases her speed the last one is probably a healing skill."

Still, Ryan could be wrong, but even if he was, he doubted that a monk would have the skill he was looking for. Considering the lack of wounds on Lilian's body, the chances of him being right were high.

Ryan didn't know if Lilian was the type of person who would ignore Ryan's right arm if she could help him, but he didn't want to ask either. If he asks, he would be forced to answer some questions as well. Ryan didn't want to reveal the things he could do for the time being because it would take a while for him to trust other people after Daniel and Mia. Besides, eventually, Ryan would confirm his suspicions. If Lilian had the power to heal his right arm, he would discover, but his instincts were telling him that it would take quite a while for that to happen.

Although Ryan wasn't leading anymore, he felt an indescribable sense of relief, knowing that he didn't have to kill almost all monsters alone. They weren't heading toward the lake anymore, but fortunately, Lilian had a map that marked the locations of all survivors they managed to communicate with.

In the next few hours, they found thirty survivors, but then the sun was setting. They began to walk toward the center of the city, and there they found another group of twenty survivors. Some of them looked different from the others, and soon Ryan understood why. They were the other five survivors of Lilian's group.

"It looks like you manage to find some survivors," Lilian stopped in front of a blond teenager who also had green eyes. "Did you find any bosses?"

"No, it looks like they still are guarding the dungeon," A blond young man said.

It didn't take long for Ryan to connect the dots; the teenager was Lilian's little brother, and he was the guy who caused the dungeon break. He looked pretty tired and somewhat depressed, but the other group members didn't mind following him. Since that was the case, Ryan understood that he tried to destroy the purple crystal imagining that it would make the monsters stop from spawning. Ryan recalled the times that the bosses tried to taunt him in doing that, but rather than that, he felt alleviated that the monsters couldn't cause dungeon breaks themselves.

Regardless, even though they just lost their old camp early that day, Lilian's group found a new one the police station of the city. Half of the building had fallen but still could be used against the Sahuagins. Without wasting time, Ryan laid on a random table and then begun to sleep. He was too tired to care if strangers surrounded him, but considering that those people looked as if they had just woken up from a nightmare, they wouldn't do anything to him.

Congratulations! The skill Sleep Resistance has leveled up.

Sleep Resistance Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Decreases the effectiveness of tiredness and spells that might induce you to sleep by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan even got that notification before falling asleep. It was a pity that Ryan couldn't make good use of his powers as a night demon, but then again, he was too tired to care about that.

Unfortunately, Ryan didn't have the chance to sleep for long. Things suddenly got noisy, and that made Ryan wake up feeling a terrible headache. Ryan got up, and his headache only got worse when he realized that the survivors were arguing about something. The fifty or so survivors were facing each other divided into two groups.

"Are you insane?" A random gray-haired man raised his voice. "We can't fight those monsters! Our only option is to leave the city and wait for the government to help us!"

"Like I said We can't leave the city," Lilian face-palmed. "Well, some of us can, but you can't. Do you think you can jump over a river of magma?"

"River of magma? What kind of joke is that?" The man asked. "

Ryan sighed, he had imagined that something like would happen, but he was praying that he would find unreasonable idiots later.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1