Chapter 75: Good Job

Chapter 75: Good job

You obtained two hundred coins.

You obtained two hundred coins.

Ryan managed to wound the other five Sahuagin Duelists before they finally approached, and somehow, he also killed two others. The enemy's force decreased to thirty strong to seventeen strong and ten others not so strong.

"Good job, leave the rest to us," Luke patted Ryan's shoulder and then jumped from the truck.

"If they get too close, run and don't look back," Lilian said to the bus driver. "Don't worry. We can handle this."

Ryan did his job. In fact, he did more than everyone had expected from a man that only had one hand. Still, he didn't feel satisfied with just that. He didn't want to play the hero, but his conscience was annoying, and he wanted to prevent as many deaths as possible. Besides, if he escapes and Lilian, Luke, and other survivors fail, he would have a harder time clearing the dungeon.

"Just move fifty meters backward," Ryan said.

"What?" The bus driver said, astonished. "But the leader said"

"Just shut up and obey it," Ryan said, a bit annoyed. "Don't worry. You won't die by the hands of those monsters."

The truck driver gulped when he heard that. It sounded like a threat, but Ryan didn't look at him, not even for a second. Besides, he also saw Ryan's skills, so he was confident that Ryan could, at the very least, slow down the monsters if they try to approach.

Ryan still had five mana potions. That would be enough to shot twenty iron bolts enchanted with the power of the wind. The monsters wouldn't be able to block them, so he just had to aim properly, and now that they were running toward him, that wasn't a problem.

The truck driver moved the vehicle and stopped at the place Ryan indicated. The Sahuagins looked ecstatic while moving, but they were forced to stop when the survivors left the piles of rubble in which they were hiding. The monsters got caught by surprise, but those who didn't have been wounded by Ryan managed to react on time and slash their sword at the survivors.

While drinking a mana potion, Ryan aimed his crossbow at the monsters. The very moment his aim was over the creatures, he pulled the trigger. Since the survivors attacked the monsters by the sides, Ryan had a clear view and didn't have to worry about wounding an ally, but he still lost some time looking for those who were being overwhelmed by the monsters.

You obtained 115 coins.

While Ryan was looking for his next target, he saw Luke and Lilian fighting a single Sahuagin. The monster tried to pierce them at the same time, but after moving to the sides, they evaded the blow. Then suddenly, their bodies blurred, and in the next moment, they attacked the monster's arms. The creature dropped its weapons, and in the next moment, Luke and Lilian crushed the monster's skulls with their elbows.

Ryan wondered how much stronger they got considering that a party of twenty people had to fight to defeat a creature like that in any case, Ryan found another target and soon forgot about it. Even though the survivors had divided into teams of five to attack the monsters, it wasn't enough to stop the enraged creatures. Ryan saw the weapon of a skinny teenager being cut in half, and then he aimed to offer support, but before his arrow could pierce the monster's neck, the creature beheaded the boy. Ryan's heart grew cold while the head was falling on the ground, but he endured the grief and chose the next target. A person he didn't know just died in front of him, but that still upset him greatly, but he couldn't stop now.

That would make things difficult, but at the very least, it would increase Ryan's hit rate and attack speed. Since the monsters were busy fighting the survivors, he didn't have to worry about using Lesser Wind Enchantment. Instead of that, he used Rapid Shot.

Lilian and Luke frowned when they finally noticed the sound of sharp objects hissing through the air, but they didn't have time to worry about it. Instead of looking for wounded Sahuagins, they looked for those that were causing problems to the survivors.

Ryan's firing and hit rate increased, and he managed to wound several Sahuagins in just a few seconds, now he was having difficulties to see the ones who weren't wounded. Still, it didn't take long for Ryan to feel that annoying feeling again. While he was drinking a potion, he found his next target, but he didn't have enough mana to hit the monster. When the iron bolt finally appeared, Ryan pulled the trigger, but at the same time, a short-haired woman got split in half from head to toe.

"Shit Shit!" Ryan bit his lips, and due to it, the taste of iron quickly spread through his mouth.

That happened again and again it was a war, it was unavoidable that he would see humans being dying, but even so Ryan couldn't just accept it so readily. It didn't take long for Ryan to drink all his mana potions and be forced to see the survivors being killed by Sahuagin Duelists. He killed alone ten of ten, but thirty survivors still died in just a few minutes.

Like Luke and Lilian, some survivors who were skilled survived almost unharmed, but others like Jacob suffered serious wounds. As long as they don't bleed to death or their hearts and brains were destroyed, they would recover, but no one felt like celebrating despite the victory.

Men, women, teenagers, elders that afternoon, a lot of people died. It couldn't even be compared to the number of people who died due to the dragons' rampage, but that still shocked Ryan. He just watched the corpses being carried from the top of the truck while he was thinking about a few things.

"Those were weak died They died because I was weak too. I didn't have any obligation to save them, but I didn't want to see them die either but I had to because I am weak."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1