Chapter 77: Class: Monk

Chapter 77: Class: Monk

In the end, Ryan decided to choose the Monk class. For the good or for worst, Ryan needed the power to heal himself now more than never since he decided to fight solo as much as possible. Even though he had already been doing that since the very beginning, still, Heal would make Ryan save some coins, coins that he would have to use to buy potions since things were getting harder by the minute.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Monk!

You obtained the following skills: Fighter's Spirit, Monk's Style, and Heal.

Your strength and speed will increase by two points, your health, mana, stamina, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fighter's Spirit.

Effect: Increases your speed and strength by one point per level when fighting without weapons.

Cost: 10 mana and 10 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Monk's Style.

Effect: Decreases your foes' endurance by one point per level when attacking using punches and kicks.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heal.

Effect: Heals one point of health per second.

Cost: 01 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan's fears were right on the spot. Two of those three skills will only come in handy in very specific moments. That wasn't so bad given that the exchange rate between mana and health was pretty good and could even get better, but Ryan couldn't help but sigh.

Congratulations! You have obtained your third class! As such, you have become one of the 1200 humans who obtained three classes! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 1200th

You obtained 5.000 coins.

"I had forgotten about this" Ryan muttered. "Coins this time, huh? While this isn't so bad, I was expecting something more impressive."

Ryan didn't receive anything while he increased his rank by three hundred. So, it looked like those rewards will only come when he clear dungeons. That was fine by him. Even though he was imagining he wouldn't get anything by reaching the eleventh hundredth position, he knew that he certainly would get something interesting once he becomes part of the one thousand strongest humans on Earth. Maybe they weren't the strongest, but they certainly were the ones who had more combat experience.

Regardless, Ryan's job was over, so he headed toward the exit of the dungeon. Only to be stopped by Lilian and Luke.

"Where are you going in such a hurry?" Lilian asked.

"Yeah, although we lost some comrades, we recovered the city," Luke said. "We have to celebrate this victory."

"Celebrate for me then," Ryan said. "I'm going to the next dungeon."

Lilian and Luke were left speechless, even though they were both two of the most fearsome survivors, not even then wanted to keep fighting for that long. While they knew that clearing dungeons were important, they needed a break. The last few days have been pretty intense, after all.

"It is getting dark, Ryan," Lilian said. "You need to at least rest during the night."

"Don't worry about me," Ryan said. "I have the skills to fight without any problems even at night."

"I guess we can't stop you," Luke sighed. "Having someone like you around would be reassuring, but I guess it can't be helped. Just make sure to come now and then."

"That will probably be impossible," Ryan said. "I have no intention of returning to Shreveport."

"Not even if you find some survivors might be looking for a survivor camp like ours?" Luke asked.

"I will make sure to give them the right directions," Ryan replied.

Lilian touched her little brother's shoulder and then shrugged. Ryan was resolute in his decision, and it wasn't their place to stop them. Although he was a quiet guy, the siblings grew fond of his presence. Someone reliable was always a good company when things start to get complicated, after all.

"I wish you luck, Ryan," Lilian said. "I don't think we will leave Shreveport, so if you need a place to rest and friends to count, you can always return."

" Good luck to you too," Ryan sighed and then headed toward the entrance.

Ryan felt that he had heard that sentence pretty frequently, but it was only natural since he didn't want to stay in the same place for long. He didn't even remember some people who greeted him while Ryan was leaving the dungeon, it looked like they heard about his plans, but that really didn't matter. Regardless, before leaving, Ryan had to make good use of his coins. Apparently, the nearest dungeon wasn't that far away, but he couldn't tell when he would be able to use the shop. So, it was better to use all his coins with decent equipment. Much to Ryan's surprise, he found a steel crossbow. The cost was pretty reasonable. The problem was that Ryan didn't find any crossbow better than that. There were other crossbows better than one, but they were just steel crossbows with special effects. For example, some of them could shoot firebolts.

Steel Crossbow

Effect: Consumes eight points of mana to create a steel dart. Dexterity + 15

Durability: 60/60

Price: 10.000 coins

Blazing Steel Crossbow

Effect: Consumes ten points of mana to create a steel dart enchanted with fire. Dexterity + 15, intelligence + 5

Durability: 60/60

Price: 15.000 coins

While the second option wasn't bad, Ryan would be in a bind if he finds some opponents that can resist fire attacks. That kind of weapon would be exceptional against some kinds of foes, but that advantage would come with a price.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1