Chapter 76: Rewards

Chapter 76: Rewards

As far as he could tell, Ryan didn't have to work with Lilian anymore. Still, he decided to wait for her and her friends before heading to the dungeon. Some Sahuagins left the dungeon while they were dealing with the corpses, but Ryan killed them with ease.

Around noon, the battlefield had been somewhat cleaned, and Lilian approached Ryan while carrying an iron bow, a pair of boots, and chainmail. He had completely forgotten about drops, but the other survivors didn't miss it because they found them near the dead bodies of their comrades.

"Here, it is yours," Lilian said. "You deserve it. I won't accept a no for an answer."

Iron Bow

Effect: Consumes five points of mana to create an iron arrow. Dexterity + 7

Durability: 45/45

Chainmail

Effect: Health + 5, Endurance + 4

Durability: 55/45

Leather Boots

Effect: Speed + 3, Stamina + 5

Durability: 55/45

"Well, I will accept them," Ryan said. "Even though the bow is useless on my hands right now."

"You showed me some impressive feats this week," Lilian said with a serious expression on her face. "Without using words, you even convinced several survivors that they should fight for their lives. So, I'm sure you will find a way to heal your arm soon enough."

Ryan didn't like that. That sense of familiarity feeling as if Lilian was a pretty good friend. Truth to be told, he hated it. Ryan didn't want to risk feeling the same things he felt before. It was unreasonable, and even though having a few good friends was worth the trouble of maybe losing them one day or, even worse, be betrayed by them, Ryan didn't want that. The status quo was boring, but it was better than live his life where he constantly fears the possibility of losing things or of being betrayed.

"I don't think you will need our help, but I would like to ask you to let us go with you to the end of the dungeon," Lilian said. "The sooner the survivors obtain their class, the better."

Ryan was too tired to say no and start an argument. Besides, the feeling he had right at that moment will only get worse if he refuses Lilian and someone dies later. If anything, the sense of guilty would be stronger than the fear, so Ryan only nodded at her words. Besides, truth to be told, Ryan was exhausted. Even though his health, mana, and stamina had been recovered already, he was exhausted. The mental strain of such a large battle had been that intense.

"I guess this is another reason to keep fighting solo."

Even if most of them were strangers, it was only natural that Ryan would feel bad after seeing so many people die. Ryan noticed that was a weakness of his part his mind was weak, but that only showed him that he had room for improvement.

After Lilian divided the survivors into two teams, she sent half of them back to the base. Most of them were too injured and needed to rest as much as possible. Thanks to that, Lilian made half of the strongest survivors escort them. The number of people entering the dungeon was twenty-one, more than enough to decimate the Sahuagins that tried to mess with them. Given the battle experience they accumulated that day, the survivors dealt with them with ease. Ryan didn't even have to use his crossbow. However, when they reached the end of the dungeon, they found the monsters' last presenta group of fifteen bosses waiting for them.

" I should have known," Ryan sighed and then equipped his crossbow. "I'm so fucking tired of all of you. Be thankful that I won't have time to waste."

The other survivors felt the same way. Thanks to it, the number of monsters didn't surprise them. Lilian and Luke led the charge. Their movements were even sharper than before. Before they even could reach the monsters, the monsters charged at them as well. However, before five of those creatures could even take the first step, they fell to the ground. Something had happened that not even the survivors or the Sahuagin duelists noticed. Only Ryan noticed because that was the result of his attacks. The iron bolts' power added with Lesser Wind Enchantment hit the monster's legs and heavily wounded them. After that, the battle became much simpler since now the survivors could fight 2 against one. In the end, the battle only lasted for a couple of minutes.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Earth Bullet.

Effect: It fires an Earth Bullet. The damage caused will be your intelligence + 20%

Cost: 05 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan didn't want to believe in craps such a fate and destiny. So, he decided to think that increasing his luck was finally paying off since he obtained a tome after that fight. It was better to think that way instead of thinking that destiny was trying to cheer him up.

In any case, the day was far from over. Ryan headed toward the treasure box the very moment the last Sahuagin fell. He was finally going to obtain his third class, which might be the last one, so he had to choose wisely. Become a merchant was out of the question. He had no use for that class, so Ryan had to choose between Monk and Gunslinger. It was clear that the monk's healing skill won't grant him the chance to regenerate his arm. Considering that, Ryan felt more compelled to become a gunslinger and increase his firepower even more, but was that the right choice?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1