Chapter 70: Another Weirdo

Chapter 70: Another Weirdo

After readying themselves, Ryan, Lilian, and Luke left the police station alongside everyone else. Since none of them left anything behind, it was unnecessary to leave someone guarding the place. Besides, if the monsters try to destroy the building, only a handful of survivors wouldn't be enough to stop them.

"You mentioned that thirty bosses are guarding the entrance of the dungeon, but how do they differ from the other Sahuagins?" Ryan asked.

"The only real difference is their size and the fact that they wield two short swords," Lilian replied, showing a weird smile. "They are two meters tall, and their muscles are amazing their attacks will hurt even if you block them with your shield."

"Lilian" Luke looked at Lilian reproachfully.

"Oops, sorry" Lilian forced a smile

Ryan recovered his shield from Jacob since they wouldn't work together for the time being. While moving toward the dungeon, Ryan was more in danger than Jacob, and his family was due to the fact that they became part of the teams that were searching for other survivors. In any case, it looked like Lilian drooled while recalling the bosses' bodies maybe she was a weirdo, or she just liked guys that looked like the terminator.

Regardless, it didn't take long for them to find the next group of Sahuagins. Although Ryan wanted to level up Appraisal more than any other skill at the moment, he focused on using all his mana to hit those creatures. Instead of headshots, Ryan focused on wounding the Sahuagins as much as possible with his iron bolts, and thanks to it, before the monsters could get too close, he killed four of them and wounded the other two.

"Heh, not bad" Luke smiled. "Leave the rest to us."

Luke and Lilian looked at each other and then nodded. Even though they weren't twins, their movements were almost identical both of them dashed and knocked down a pair of Sahuagins at the same time. The other two that were unscathed aimed their spears at the siblings' faces but using a long-ranged attack from up close wasn't a good idea. Even though they were boxers, they kicked the enemies' spears and thus canceled the spells. The difference in speed was just too big Lilian and Luke finished the enemies in just a few seconds and unharmed.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

You obtained four coins.

Congratulations! The class: Hunter, has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 7  Lv 8

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

Congratulations! The skill Precision has leveled up.

Precision Lv 3  Lv 4

Effect: Increases the chance of causing a critical hit by one percent per level on the targets, the longer the battle lasts.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Finally, the Hunter class leveled up Well, I shouldn't worry too much about it since today we are going to hunt the Sahuagins almost non-stop."

Ryan didn't know if it was just a coincidence or if the chances of finding drops increased while fighting in groups, but they found a sword amidst the Sahuagins corpses, a sword that was identical to the ones their teammates used.

"Carry this around will slow us down," Lilian said while looking around. "We should hide these for the time being and collect them back once we return to our base."

There weren't many places they could use to hide the drops. Even though monsters' chances of using that path would be low since they would exterminate them, Lilian didn't want to leave the items in the middle of the street. So, she left them behind the energy poles that were still standing.

As expected, heading in a straight line toward the dungeon increased the encounter rate a lot. Before, Ryan would find a group of scouts once every three hundred meters, but his group was now finding once every one hundred meters. Although he wasn't fighting alone, he had to meditate for a few minutes to recover his mana, and the same thing could be said of Luke and Lilian's.

"What a pain" Luke bit his nails. "Now that we are stronger, the monsters want to overwhelm us with sheer numbers. I don't believe that I'm doing this Ryan, could you help me learn the skills my sister learned earlier?"

"I don't mind," Ryan said.

Luke didn't like the idea of getting hurt outside the battles, but he recognized the fact that he needed more status points if he wanted to reach the dungeon. Although they would need all their mana, it was worth the hassle to lose some minutes there to learn Water Resistance and Wind Resistance. Ryan wanted to learn those skills, but since he couldn't heal himself, he couldn't do that at that moment. Even though his hand wouldn't burn, the other body parts probably would if he touches them while activating Lesser Fire Enchantment. Self-inflicting harm was worrisome, but Ryan was determined to do everything to become stronger.

After two hours of walking, they finally reached their destination. Ryan was mostly fine despite the fact that he used a lot of mana, but Luke and Lilian were exhausted since they had to kill hundreds of Sahuagins in just two hours. They obtained a few items aside from weapons, and that made things easier for them, but it looked like using and recovering energy that frequently wasn't easy for the bodies.

While Lilian and Luke were resting behind a pile of rubble, Ryan observed the lake a few hundred meters ahead of them. The bridge had fallen thanks to the dragons' work, so crossing it would be a massive pain in the ass. However, he didn't have to worry about that for the time being. He was more worried about the dungeon that appeared on the lake's shore. As weird as it looked, the dungeon's entrance was like the front door of a castle even though the dungeon was underground Regardless, just like Luke and Lilian mentioned, thirty or so bosses were in front of the dungeon entrance while it was spawning several Sahuagins.

"This will be hard"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1