Chapter 74: Doubts

Chapter 74: Doubts

Five days had passed since Ryan joined Lilian's group and began to train his skills to snipe the bosses. He didn't know if he was strong enough to do so, but it was time to check if he could do it.

Class: Hunter Lv 08 / Elementalist Lv 05/--

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1501st

Health: 32/32 (0, 0, 0765)

Mana: 58/58 (0, 0, 0765)

Stamina: 47/47(0, 0,0765)

Strength: 10 (+3)

Dexterity: 61 (+23) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+8)

Intelligence: 09 (+10) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+8)

Control: 06 (+5) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 18

Recovery: 40 (+1) (+5)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 9321

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 09, Throw Lv 04, Dash Lv 04, Rapid Shot Lv 05, Herculean Strength Lv 04,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 08, Concentration Lv 08, Archery Lv 08, Accuracy Lv 07, Stealth Lv 04, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 03, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 05, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 02, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 04, Tracking Lv 05, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 03, Martial Arts Lv 02, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03,

Spells: Analysis Lv 03, Lurk Lv 03, Mana Transfusion Lv 05, Meditation Lv 06, Flame Arrow Lv 07, Appraisal Lv 04, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 06,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 05, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 01

Just looking at his status screen wasn't enough to make Ryan feel confident. As a hunter, he learned that results were everything, and the result that would make him feel confident was to kill a Sahuagin Duelist in a single moment.

"Are you ready?" Lilian asked.

"Yes for the fifth time, I'm ready," Ryan sighed.

Ryan was two hundred meters away from the entrance of the Sahuagins' dungeon, and he was sitting above a truck that the survivors found. He would fire his bolts from there since it was evident that his projectile would lose altitude and speed at that distance. If Ryan succeeds or fails, he probably will have to run, but if the Sahuagins leave their position, one hundred or so survivors were already hidden nearby to attack the monsters from the sides. Even if he doesn't kill a single one with a pre-emptive strike, he will lure them toward a trap. The ordinary survivors weren't that impressive, but all of them had weapons, so at the very least, they would be able to buy Ryan's time in order to let him attack the monsters' heads.

It was hard to believe that Lilian came up with that plan. The chances of more than a few survivors dying were very high, after all. But everyone was fully aware that the bosses were protecting the dungeon for a reason a reason that wouldn't be good for humans. The survivors didn't want to die, but they have no other choice but to fight.

"Why did I accept this crazy idea?" Ryan muttered and then sighed.

Ryan was in a perfect position. No matter what happens, the truck driver would move away from the Sahuagins, and Ryan's life would be safe. However, that didn't mean that he wouldn't feel guilty if people die while he survives since he was the core part of the plan.

"Whatever Let's finish this," Ryan said and then prepared to aim.

Even though the wind was a bit strong, Ryan's Lesser Enchantment could make the projectile ignore the wind, so he didn't have to worry about it. His sole worry was to aim and pierce the head of what seemed to be the leader of the Sahuagins Duelists. Still, the trigger seemed heavy that day, and his eyes weren't focusing like usual. Ryan was nervous because many people could die or survive, according to his performance.

Sahuagin Duelist - Lv 10

Health: 600/600

Mana: 300/300

Stamina: 400/400

Ryan sighed. Thanks to the apprehension, he ended up using mana without the need. However, he didn't, and he couldn't use all his mana to increase the power of a single attack only stamina could, so that was fine. Ryan got tired of taking his sweet time to deal the first blow, so this time he focused for real. The atmosphere around him changed, and everything disappeared from Ryan's eyesight Ryan was in another world, a world where he could only see himself, the crossbow, the invisible line that connected his bolt and target.

Suddenly, Ryan felt the line getting straight, and then he concentrated. The line began to move, but he was confident that while using Power Shot, the line would eventually stop on the target, and so it did. After exactly ten seconds, the line stopped right in the target's right eye. The creature moved and then found Ryan, but before it could try anything, the iron bolt pierced its eye, and then the skull, and the brain Ryan didn't expect that, but the monster's head exploded thanks to his Wind Enchantment and the power of a fully powered Power Shot.

You obtained two hundred coins.

Ryan sighed in relief. Meanwhile, Lilian and Luke opened their eyes widely when they saw that Ryan killed a boss in a single strike. They didn't know that several skills had to work together for that to happen, and they assumed that a single skill was the cause of that.

Ignoring the annoying eyes full of surprise, Ryan readied the next bolt and then activated Lesser Wind Enchantment. He didn't have the stamina to kill another monster in the same manner, but he could wound the other twenty-nine as much as possible. Ryan was determined to use all his mana potions that day.

When his line of sight, his bolt, and the target aligned even on the slightest, Ryan pulled the trigger. It didn't matter if he hit the monsters' feet, arms, or even fin. He just wants to hit them before they get close. When the fifth of them got injured, they finally found Ryan, and they began to run.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1