Chapter 71: Grinding Time

Chapter 71: Grinding time

Sahuagin Duelist  Lv 10

Health: 600/600

After using Appraisal, Ryan understood why a single of those monsters managed to kill five of twenty survivors. He didn't know if those who died were Luke's friend or something, but the anger he felt after the battle probably made him attack the purple crystal, and that lead to their current situation. Regardless, even though the situation was dire, at the price of five lives, the people of that city discovered that they shouldn't attack the purple crystal.

"Can you see their status?" Lilian asked. "What do you think?"

Ryan frowned when he heard that question then again, why would he stare so much at the enemies if he couldn't do it? The only possibility was that he could see their status, or he liked muscular men like Lilian.

"It will be difficult" Ryan replied and then sighed. "I don't think I'm powerful enough to snipe them from so far away. If we get too close, there is always the chance that all of them might try to hunt us down."

"You can strengthen your attacks with mana and stamina, right?" Lilian asked again. "Can't you kill not even a single of them if you use all your mana and stamina?"

"How did you forget about it," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Yeah, I can do something like that but they have too much health. Given that a single one of them took five of your friends, it is evident that they have a lot of endurance I have some ideas as to how to snipe them, but I will need to level up some skills first."

"We don't know how much time we have we don't even know if we are in a race against time, after all," Lilian crossed her arms and began to think. "In any case, we need to obtain more weapons and train all the survivors before trying to kill all the bosses. So, I guess we don't have any other choice it is grinding time."

After dinner, Lilian, Luke, and her friends would teach all the other survivors the skills they learned and could be taught since every single stat point was valuable. Still, they would need weapons as well, but despite the fact that they killed hundreds of Sahuagins, Ryan, Lilian and Luke only obtained two swords, two spears, and a bow. Depending on the number of survivors they find the next few days, it would be hard to imagine every single survivor in that group obtaining a weapon along the week.

Maybe it would be wise to wait or even call John's group in the task of recovering the city from the hands of the monsters, but Ryan wasn't an official member of Lilian's group, nor did he want to be one, so he couldn't speak for them. Since he also didn't want to meet with Daniel and Mia ever again, he wanted to finish his business in Shreveport in less than one week it would be a difficult task, but Ryan was training hard to achieve that.

Congratulations! The skill Art of Sniping has leveled up.

Art of Sniping Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the chance of hitting targets over long distances when they are not aware of your presence by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Rapid Shot has leveled up.

Rapid Shot Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: You can shoot an additional arrow. The number of arrows will increase every ten levels.

Cost: 02 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Wind Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 20%.

Cost: 05 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

While Luke and Lilian were working as bait to lure the Sahuagins, Ryan hid between the branches of a tree in order to attack the monsters by surprise. Thanks to it, he increased the efficacy of certain skills like Art of Sniping. Since he also didn't have to worry about being found anymore, his power increased quite a bit. Instead of four, he could kill six Sahuagins before they could get close enough to attack. Still it wasn't enough. If ordinary Sahuagins could block his attacks, the bosses could do too. That was why he decided to train Rapid Shot and Lesser Wind Enchantment, to decrease their chances of reacting on time.

At the end of that day, those were the skills he managed to level up. It wasn't enough, but considering that Ryan also would hunt monsters at night, that much progress was acceptable. In the end, all groups reunited at the police station and celebrated the success of their missions.

Thanks to Ryan, Lilian, and Luke's hard work, the other groups only fought a few times and, thanks to it, had a lot of time to search for food and survivors. Their numbers increased by ten, and they also managed to find enough food to feed that whole group for three days. In comparison, Ryan's group only brought back to the camp ten weapons and some rings, it didn't look like much, but those who received the weapons became impressed by the feeling of power those weapons gave them.

In any case, Ryan had planned to hunt monsters at night, but it looked he would have to help the survivors learn some skills. His job was easy. He just has to use his enchantments and make everyone learn the elemental resistances. That work took him a few hours, but given that he also trained those spells, he didn't feel that bothered by it.

Class: Hunter Lv 08 / Elementalist Lv 03/--

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1501h

Health: 31/31 (0, 0566)

Mana: 48/48 (0, 0566)

Stamina: 40/40 (0, 0566)

Strength: 10 (+3)

Dexterity: 51 (+23) (+12)

Speed: 27 (+8)

Intelligence: 08 (+6) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+8)

Control: 06 (+5) (+6)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 13

Recovery: 30 (+1) (+3)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 3652

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 07, Throw Lv 02, Dash Lv 02, Rapid Shot Lv 03, Herculean Strength Lv 03,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 07, Concentration Lv 07, Archery Lv 07, Accuracy Lv 06, Stealth Lv 03, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 02, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 04, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 01, Stalk Lv 01, Art of Sniping Lv 02, Tracking Lv 01, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 03, Martial Arts Lv 02, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01, Mana Transfusion Lv 03, Meditation Lv 05, Flame Arrow Lv 06, Appraisal Lv 02, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 03, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 01

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1