Chapter 78: Shopping

Chapter 78: Shopping

Ryan already had some magic projectiles, and he also could enchant his attacks to a certain extent, so most likely, the enchanted crossbow was supposed to be a weapon that didn't have the skills he had. The extra status points were sweet, but not enough for Ryan to decide to become someone who only hunts monsters of a certain attribute. So, he bought the steel crossbow.

Although Ryan could buy other items that were better than the current ones he was wearing, Ryan decided to trust his luck and hope that the monsters eventually would drop them. For the time being, he decided to do something a bit risky with his remaining coins he used all of them to buy seven copies of the same ring.

Ring of the Immortal

Effect: Increases the user's recovery by five points.

Durability: 25/25

"Well, now this is more like it," Ryan smiled in satisfaction.

Class: Hunter Lv 08 / Elementalist Lv 05/ Monk Lv 01 (--)

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1200th

Health: 43/43 (0, 1399)

Mana: 59/59 (0, 1399)

Stamina: 53/53 (0,1399)

Strength: 10 (+5)

Dexterity: 61 (+23) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+10) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+10) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+6) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 18

Recovery: 40 (+1) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 523

Status: 04

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 09, Throw Lv 04, Dash Lv 04, Rapid Shot Lv 05, Herculean Strength Lv 04, Fighter's Spirit Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 08, Concentration Lv 08, Archery Lv 08, Accuracy Lv 07, Stealth Lv 04, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 03, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 05, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 02, Cook Lv 02, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 04, Tracking Lv 06, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 03, Martial Arts Lv 02, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03, Monk Style Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 03, Lurk Lv 03, Mana Transfusion Lv 05, Meditation Lv 06, Flame Arrow Lv 07, Appraisal Lv 04, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 06, Earth Bullet Lv 01, Heal Lv 01,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 05, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 01

Ryan's recovery doubled, and so was his capacity to attack. Well, not really since his new weapon consumed a bit more mana, but that didn't change the fact that he was satisfied. With more recovery, he would be able to recover his stamina and mana faster, thus increasing the leveling up the speed of his skills. As well as increasing his health regeneration, but to health work properly, he would have to eat quite a lot.

Regardless, Ryan left the dungeon once and for all and then headed toward the east side of the lake. Although his status increased, he couldn't hope to cross the river by swimming while carrying chainmail. That was impossible. Besides, there was no telling what he would find inside the lake. Maybe some Sahuagins were hiding in there, and fighting them in their habitat was close to suicide.

Although Ryan was forced to take the roundabout way, he reached the other side of the lake before sunset. It was all thanks to his new recovery and Dash. That being said, Ryan's muscles were quite sure since the number of things he was carrying increased.

"The velociraptors dungeon must be North of here still, why I didn't find any of them?"

Even if the Sahuagins claimed that region to them, the monsters should have noticed that they lost control over it. They were beasts that had some crazy senses, after all. There were two possible explanations, another group of humans was controlling the dungeon, or the velociraptors found a big number of foes somewhere else. Either way, Ryan was going to investigate since he needed to see what would happen if he gains another class at that moment.

"I'm pretty sure I can obtain an unlimited number of classes. Those parameters in the class option are proof of that. If people could only have three, such a thing wouldn't be shown. Does that mean that I can also have the blood of more than three types of monsters? If that is possible with my class, then it should be possible with my race. Still, I have to confirm it."

Although it was dark and that area had many trees, and the vegetation was pretty dense, Ryan could see things pretty well. At least well enough to not get spooked by the shadows of some bushes and rocks. It was pretty early, but suddenly, the air around that area changed. For a second, Ryan thought the temperature had dropped, but that hadn't been the case. It was his instincts alerting him of danger. Some monsters were lurking around in the darkness and they were getting closer. As if that situation wasn't tense enough, Ryan suddenly heard a cry a newborn baby's cry.

"Seriously?" Ryan opened his eyes widely in shock.

The air around the area changed again and Ryan felt a little more relaxed, or at least his nervousness tried to make him feel that way. It looked like the monsters changed their targets, and Ryan wasn't supposed to be their dinner anymore. However, knowing that a newborn kid was out, there didn't make things as easy for him.

Amidst the darkness, Ryan sped up toward where the cry and that feeling of danger were coming from. There was no mistake. The monsters really were aiming at the kid. Still, even with his current speed, Ryan didn't find the monsters fast enough. Suddenly, things got eerily silent.

"Shit, shit" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1