Chapter 84: T-Rex

Chapter 84: T-Rex

Ryan was prepared to cause some pain, but in the end, both leaders decided to back down. They were wounded, and for some reason, they didn't feel like threatening a one-handed man who seemed pretty confident about himself. Still, since he was going to the dungeon no matter what, his path overlapped with the woman.

"My name is Angela. Thank you for helping Sydney," Angela said with her face down. "She was a member of our camp, but she disappeared three days ago when our group split. Some people of both sides died, so that must have been what made her stay away from us."

Ryan didn't have anything to say, so he just stayed silent. Whatever Angela might say was bound to be some pathetic excuses, so there was no point in wasting his time. Still, he couldn't force Angela to shut up, so he heard her side of the story. Apparently, she and many other people used the bridge to escape when the dragons appeared. However, they ended up finding the velociraptors dungeon and couldn't move in any direction. After much fighting, they managed to get some skills and fight the monsters. At first, things worked well since everyone was trying hard, but some individuals started to get greedy and decided to keep the loot to themselves after a while. Apparently, the big guy was the one who wanted to be the leader of the group, and since he was the strongest, they should focus on increasing his strength.

That was logical in Ryan's mind. If he had the right mindset to a leader and weren't afraid of monsters, the loot would be better in his hands. However, the big guy and his friends changed and decided to treat the other survivors like servants. They even tried to force themselves on the women of the group. Three days ago, a fight broke out, and the survivor's group that didn't have fifty members were divided in two. Obviously, not all people who decided to follow the big guy were assholes. In fact, he was just a bit arrogant. The people who followed him just did because he seemed more reliable.

The same thing could be said by the women who are following Angela. They just thought having a female leader would make things easier for them. In the end, it was a mess caused by idiots. Ryan felt even more determined to leave them alone.

"You came from Shreveport, right?" Angela asked. "I assume that is where you left Sydney's child. Do you have friends there? It became peaceful just after a few days?"

"Go see yourself," Ryan said. "You only need to know that the people there won't accept to work with idiots."

Although those words had been directed to Angela, only her companions glared at Ryan. Those kinds of people were no good. When things start to get messy, they whisper sweet words in the ear of some people in order to gain some advantages. The fact that they have the dungeon under their control was probably they never tried to take Angela's place, that and because of her Telekinesis. For the good or the worse, they couldn't keep the other group of survivors away without her.

"I can't blame you for not being friendly," Angela said. "Still, it would be in your and our best interest if at least we trade some information. You want to clear the dungeon because you know what happens when one dungeon is cleared. We want to know that too. As for the intel we have, it is about the boss of the dungeon."

"If you defeat the boss, you can open that treasure box and gain one of three classes," Ryan explained. "Alongside with it, you will gain three skills. Now then, tell me about the boss."

Although his words were a bit suspicious, Angela and her friends didn't doubt Ryan. They knew about the class option in the menu, and he was probably confident in dealing with them because he had some skills, like Angela had Telekinesis. It was obvious.

"What are the classes we can get?" Angela asked.

"I will answer only this question try not to test my patience any further," Ryan said. "The classes change from dungeon to dungeon, so I don't know which classes I will get by clearing that one."

"Is that so" Angela rubbed her chin thoughtfully since she didn't sense any hesitation in Ryan's words. "Well, it must be a pretty decent power up after all, to get our hands in the class, we have to beat a T-rex."

"Excuse me?" Ryan frowned. "Can you say that again?"

"Your reaction is kind of weak" Angela said. "I guess I can assume you didn't face anything that big until now. That is why I said I would let you use our dungeon with some conditions. Well, if you think that you still can do it, feel free to do so."

Ryan had a hard time believing in those words, but then again, all the bosses he faced so far were some sort of evolution of the base monsters that spawn in the dungeon. However, it looked like the difficulty was increased by more than a few levels.

Their camp was surprisingly small, and Ryan could only count thirteen survivors, half of them were heavily wounded and have teeth marks all over their bodies. The dungeon entrance was at the base of a pretty large mountain, but that wasn't the problem. The problem was the size of the entrance it was like fifteen meters tall and ten meters wide a T-rex probably could pass through that. Until now, all the dungeons Ryan found were pretty small, but it was because the monsters inside of it didn't need a large path.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1