Chapter 85: Progress

Chapter 85: Progress

Ryan didn't feel like wasting time and confirming if Angela was lying or not. If his next opponent was really a T-rex, then he will try to challenge it the very moment he sees it. Ryan felt he would do that because he couldn't imagine the rewards such a creature would give him. His greedy would put him in a bad situation, and given that he had survived some tough fights in the last few days, his confidence had grown a bit too much to the point where he could threaten several survivors, even though he only had a single hand.

"You guys can go somewhere else," Ryan said to the five guards watching the entrance of the dungeon. "I will handle this."

Ryan wasn't the only one who grew arrogant in the last few days, those five women stepped on the ground trying to intimidate Ryan, but they retreated when they saw Angela looking at them. Angela herself also wanted to see the power of someone who had a class. She couldn't have imagined that Ryan had three.

Velociraptor- Lv 05

Health: 150/150

Mana: 50/50

Stamina: 200/200

"Level five, huh," Ryan muttered. "I guess this will do."

Ryan could easily kill an opponent with that much health, even with his old crossbow, but his goal wasn't to kill the monsters as fast as possible. His goal was to become stronger. So, he shot several Earth Bullets on the monster's head. The beast was much tougher than Ryan, though, or maybe it was due to the fact that his intelligence was low either way, he had to fire six bullets to kill it. However

Congratulations! The skill Earth Bullet has leveled up.

Earth Bullet Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: It fires an Earth Bullet. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity plus your intelligence + 30%

Cost: 05 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained eight coins.

"I can do this for a while," Ryan nodded to himself and then sat on the ground to meditate.

When the next monster appeared, Ryan defeated it after firing five Earth Bullets. That was progress, but his mana was quickly decreasing. It was kind of a waste to do that only to defeat monsters of that level, but he bought several mana potions when his mana became empty and only stopped after one hour when Earth Bullet reached level four.

"Now it is time to put me at risk a little bit," Ryan sighed since he also could see the insanity of his next plan. "No pain, no gain."

Angela watched Ryan patiently for one hour. Although it was rather impressive that he could defeat so many velociraptors on his own, it wasn't that amazing since he was buying potions. However, now she saw him running toward the next monster, unarmed. A one-handed man wanted to have a fistfight with a velociraptor. If that wasn't madness, she didn't know what it was. Ryan was also of the same mind, but then again: no pain, no gain.

When the monster saw Ryan moving towards itself, it just wasted time and tried to attack his neck. That had been a bad move. As a hunter, Ryan had learned that he should use all opportunities to make his arrows land on the target. He didn't have a weapon, but he had his legs. For a second, Ryan activated Herculean Strength and Fighter's Spirit. When that happened, the monster got kicked in the neck and immediately began to tremble in pain. As one would expect, they didn't have many muscles there.

While the monster was busy trying to alleviate the pain, Ryan corrected his posture by moving his gravity center to the right side a little bit. When the monster recovered from the first attack, the beast found Ryan's right leg moving toward his face. A perfect roundhouse kick not only cracked the beast's skull but also broke its neck.

You obtained eight coins.

Congratulations! The skill Fighter's Spirit has leveled up.

Fighter's Spirit Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases your speed and strength by one point per level when fighting without weapons.

Cost: 10 mana and 10 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Monk's Style has leveled up.

Monk's Style Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Decreases your foes' endurance by one point per level when attacking using punches and kicks.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Pain Resistance Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Decreases the pain caused by all types of attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Ouch that hurts!" Ryan howled since the throbbing pain in his feet was more than annoying. "Still, I'm glad I didn't forget how to do that."

In any case, Ryan confirmed once again that the stronger the opponent, the fast his skills level up. If Ryan level-ups his class after fighting another velociraptor with kicks alone, then that would only confirm things once and for all. However, before doing that, he had to heal his feet. Although he attacked just two times, he lost fifteen points of health.

"A melee fighting style saves a lot of mana and stamina," Ryan nodded to himself. "However, there is always the chance to lose one's neck while fighting so close to the monsters. Even though I'm faster than them since my endurance isn't high, my attacks also wound me this system really is trying to screw with me."

Although Ryan had some martial knowledge, that had been a good experience for him. After all, he had experience in fighting against humans, and he never really fought them seriously, so he never broke his bones or the opponents' bones. Still, that wasn't so bad. Even though it wasn't efficient, Ryan was enjoying himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1