Chapter 81: Weird Camp

Chapter 81: Weird Camp

As if things weren't weird enough, Ryan noticed something unexpected when he approached the next bright area. There was a camp there a camp in which he only found female guards. At the center of the camp, he found a hill and a cave it was the velociraptor's dungeon.

"I didn't see female guards on the other camp, but I thought it was just a coincidence" Ryan frowned. "This is hard to believe, but for some reason, they have two camps here. One camp has only men, and the other has only women"

Things were way too weird. However, that explained why Arthur's mother was alone, even though she was close to both camps. She didn't like how things worked in both of them, so she decided to stay away, but since she was pregnant, she didn't have the strength to reach Shreveport. In any case, something pretty weird or severe happened to make the survivors divide themselves into two groups and by gender.

"That is so stupid" Ryan sighed. "I don't really care what happened here. What I care about is the fact that we are at war against monsters, and we don't have time to fight each other. Well, at least I confirmed that this place isn't a good place for Arthur."

Ryan wanted to clear the dungeon, but that could be done later. Besides, it would be impossible for him to clear it alone while carrying a newborn baby. It was a pain in the ass, but he had to look for Mia. For all the damage she did to him, at the very least, he knew that she would treat Arthur like a real son.

"Even if they are slow, at this point in time, they should have cleared that dungeon," Ryan muttered and then turned around. "If that didn't happen, I will have to run and head there."

Congratulations! The skill Lurk has leveled up.

Effect: Decreases the sounds of your steps while moving.

Lurk Lv 4  Lv 5

Cost: 0.3 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Stealth has leveled up.

Stealth Lv 4  Lv 5

Effect: Increases the chances of you dealing critical damage when attacking first by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Heal has leveled up.

Effect: Heals 1.1 points of health per second.

Heal Lv 1  Lv 2

Cost: 01 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

It took him the whole night, but eventually, Ryan was back in Shreveport. Although he was exhausted since Arthur woke up more than a few times and immediately started to cry, at the very least, he managed to level up some skills. Regardless, the sun was rising, and Ryan could finally see Arthur with more detail. As expected, he was quite a cute baby. A round face, his cheeks were a bit pinky, and his eyes were deep blue like the sky. However, now that he saw his eyes, Ryan let out a long sigh because that was the sign that he had woken up.

Again, Arthur began to cry the cry was so loud and deep that the only explanation that Ryan came up with was that Arthur hated to be carried by men. Ryan tried to calm him down with Heal, but this time, it didn't help. Arthur was hungry Fortunately, Ryan was back in the dungeon, and there he found some familiar faces.

"Ryan?" Daniel asked while frowning. "What How Holy crap, this kid is loud!"

Daniel tried to ask some things, but Arthur's cry prevented him from doing so. Regardless, Cole's group and Daniel's group joined Lilian's survivor's camp. Apparently, they appeared a few minutes after Ryan left. So, he made a mental note to rely on the speed of his decision making more frequently.

Although Ryan had come determined to ask Mia to look after Arthur, in the last moment, his cheap pride prevented him from doing so. It was growing weaker with each passing day, but those dark thoughts were still affecting Ryan's behavior.

"His mother died yesterday. His name is Arthur," Ryan said. "I'm looking for someone to look after him since a kid this small shouldn't stay with someone like me."

"What happened?" John asked. "You seem a little more on edge than usual."

"Long story short" Ryan said and then took a deep breath. "There are two groups of survivors on the other side of the lake, but they are a bunch of morons, and Arthur's mother concluded that she couldn't trust neither of them. She fought, but since she gave birth recently, she was too weak and passed away."

"I can look after him if you don't mind," Mia said.

" I will be counting on you then," Ryan said after a few seconds of silence.

Truth to be told, Ryan knew things would end that way. His whole act caused by his pride had been a waste of time. Still, he was quite relieved since Arthur couldn't have been looked after by someone better. As expected, the very moment Ryan passed him to Mia, Arthur stopped crying. Either Ryan emanated a dark aura that was terrible, or Arthur was a boy destined to become a cheeky kid.

"Ryan, those survivors" Cole said. "Are they going to become a problem for us?"

"Who knows" Ryan shrugged. "I hope they won't be a problem for me. I'm in a bad mood, so maybe I won't be able to hold back against them. Lilian, do you have a shovel lying around? I will need it."

Ryan wanted to shovel to bury Arthur's mother, but everyone thought that he was determined to dirty his hands with human blood. That was worrisome, but if he decided to do it, everyone there knew that no one could stop him.

Class: Hunter Lv 08 / Elementalist Lv 05/ Monk Lv 01 (--)

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1200th

Health: 43/43 (0, 1399)

Mana: 59/59 (0, 1399)

Stamina: 53/53 (0,1399)

Strength: 10 (+5)

Dexterity: 61 (+23) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+10) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+10) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+6) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 18

Recovery: 40 (+1) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 895

Status: 11

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 09, Throw Lv 04, Dash Lv 05, Rapid Shot Lv 05, Herculean Strength Lv 04, Fighter's Spirit Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 08, Concentration Lv 08, Archery Lv 08, Accuracy Lv 07, Stealth Lv 04, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 03, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 05, Swordsmanship Lv 02, Alert Lv 03, Cook Lv 02, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 04, Tracking Lv 05, Spearmanship Lv 02, Knife Mastery Lv 03, Martial Arts Lv 02, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03, Monk's Style Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 03, Lurk Lv 05, Mana Transfusion Lv 05, Meditation Lv 06, Flame Arrow Lv 07, Appraisal Lv 04, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 06, Earth Bullet Lv 01, Heal Lv 02,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 05, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 02

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1