Chapter 80: Headache

Chapter 80: Headache

Ryan wasn't by any means, someone clumsy. Some dexterity was required to handle a bow, after all. Still, he was a man that lost a good part of his main arm. So, the hope that he would carry a baby steadily and use a crossbow with a single hand was a bit too much.

"Oh, well" Ryan sighed. "At least it is easier to aim with magic."

Flame arrow reached a point where Ryan could easily kill velociraptors with a single shot, as long as he hit their head. Even in the darkness of the night, he exterminated the creatures. However, Arthur's cry didn't stop.

You obtained eight coins.

You obtained eight coins.

You obtained eight coins.

It didn't take long for new monsters to appear. If anything, Arthur had an excellent skill to lure the monsters. Although that was convenient for Ryan in some ways, he didn't want to let him cry for long. He was probably scared, after all. If that was the case, Ryan might be able to calm him down, but if he was hungry

"Don't cry, Arthur. Don't cry," Ryan tried to whisper in his ears to calm him down while he was moving around, trying to emulate a baby crib. "Be good, be good, and I will give you some tasty mana potions I wonder if potions can substitute milk"

Now that Ryan thought about it, he didn't feel hungry or thirsty after drinking the mana potions. He was getting hungry as well, but considering that he didn't eat anything since noon, it was highly probable that potions could work as a meal at least for a while. However, even if that was enough for him, the same logic doesn't apply to a newborn baby.

Suddenly, Ryan had another idea. He recalled the feeling that he had when recovery healed his body and recovered his energy. Since recovery had increased, the feeling had grown weaker, but now had become more constant. In any case, feeling his energy been restored was quite relaxed. Arthur wasn't wounded, but he probably would feel relaxed if Ryan uses Heal on him.

"Let's give it a shot," Ryan said.

Although Ryan had to conserve his mana as much as possible since he couldn't use his crossbow, he didn't hesitate in doing that. Surprisingly enough, Arthur's cry decreased in volume quite fast, and after just five seconds, he was sleeping again.

"This should be enough for the time being," Ryan sighed. " I will come later and give you a proper burial."

Ryan couldn't help but wonder he could dig a grave with a single hand, but that was a problem for later. Before other monsters could come or worse, before Arthur wakes up, he had to find this camp on the North. The dungeon of the velociraptors was in that direction, so he won't lose anything by following that path.

Although Ryan was imagined that something like that would happen, he couldn't have imagined things could become so rough. He was just walking, but faster and faster, he was getting exhausted. The tension of having to protect such a frail life was something that he never experienced before. Ryan didn't know many people that had kids, so the chances of him having to carry a newborn baby in his arms never came. Thanks to his inexperience, he couldn't help but worry if he was doing things right. He had become a rough individual in the last few days, so much a worry was only natural.

Congratulations! The skill Alert has leveled up.

Alert Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the effective range of your hearing outside battles by one meter per level in order to avoid ambushes.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skills Nocturnal Eyes has leveled up.

Nocturnal Eyes Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases your eyesight in dark places and at night by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Although that task had been difficult, Ryan had the chance to put some other skills to good use. That was fine, and all, but such thoughts quickly disappeared from his mind. After walking for one hour, he noticed that the area ahead was pretty bright. As far as Ryan knew, there was no community in that area, so it became clear that he found the camp. However, there was a problem Ryan could see a bright area in front of him, but there was another a few hundred meters west of there.

"The hell is going on here" Ryan frowned. "Maybe I should use Heal on Arthur again, just in case. That will make him relax more, and that will decrease the chances of him waking up. I can't let myself be discovered before I see what is going on here."

Ryan had to be fast because that strategy could only work for so long. His mother apparently fed him even while she was wounding, but eventually, Arthur would get hungry, and his cry wouldn't stop unless Ryan finds some milk. After approaching slowly, Ryan saw a few tents up ahead and some bonfires too. There were some guards as well but all of them were only guarding the same direction the direction where Ryan found the other bright area.

"This is definitely suspicious" Ryan muttered.

It was beyond stupid to guard a single direction when velociraptors were around, but now that Ryan thought about it, he hadn't seen a single monster in quite a while. Although he was supposed to have approached the dungeon, their numbers decreased something smelled really fishy there.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1