Chapter 86: Reasons

Chapter 86: Reasons

Just like before, Ryan fought until the skills he used reached level four. Fortunately, when that happened, his Monk class also reached the same level, so things looked good.

Congratulations! The skill Heal has leveled up.

Effect: Heals 1.2 points of health per second.

Heal Lv 2  Lv 3

Cost: 01 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"You really can heal your wounds" Angela said, a bit surprised. "Does that prevent you from getting hungry? Did you get that skill from a tome, or it was when you obtained your class?"

"Now that you mentioned, I don't feel hungry when I use this" Ryan rubbed his chin. "Yeah I obtained it when I got a class. There is a dungeon on the other side of the lake. If you defeat the boss, you and your friends can learn it."

Although they have been healing thanks to recovery, Ryan noticed that Angela and her friends had a lot of scars on their bodies. They were idiots, but they were idiots who survived when the city was getting attacked by dragons. For the good or worse, the human race would need all survivors in the war against monsters. Besides, there was no point in getting overly worried about them, the number of survivors in Shreveport was high, and most of them were loyal to Lilian, Cole, and John. Although they were a bit nave, Anna had sharp eyes. Carter also seemed the type who knew how to read between the lines, so they probably will notice if some troublemakers join them or if someone tries anything funny.

Regardless, Ryan had trained his melee skills, so it was time to select other skills to train. Based on his experience, Ryan concluded that the skills get twenty percent more practice to level up after each level up. While that wasn't so bad, he didn't want to spend more than one or two days at that dungeon. It was unreasonable to hope to obtain the strength to defeat a Jurassic predator with just that level of strength, but that kind of unrealistic goal would keep Ryan focused if anything.

"What kind of weapons you guys have here?" Ryan asked. "I want to borrow some for a while."

At that point in time, Angela had already noticed what Ryan was doing. Although he was a bit wild, if not bloodthirsty, he wasn't stupid. Even before seeing the boss, he knew that he wasn't strong enough, so he decided to train his skills and gain status points. That was exactly what Angela and her friends had been doing since they obtained control over the dungeon, but since the big guy and his friends attack pretty often, they haven't been progressing as much as they wanted.

"I can sell you some, but I want intel, not coins," Angela said. "You don't have to tell me which classes you picked, but I want to know the locations of the dungeons, you know. If you convince me that I can obtain classes in those places without risking our lives, I can leave this place to you. I don't know many things about games, but I do know that the dungeons you cleared were easier than this one. You seem the type who likes to work alone, after all."

That was a bit unreasonable, but it was because Angela had confidence that she and her friends could achieve the same thing a man with a single hand could. While Ryan knew that something like that was only obvious, things weren't that simple.

"Bring that guy and his friends here," Ryan said.

"What?" Angela frowned.

"Do you want the power to survive?" Ryan asked. "Then learn to compromise. You don't have to forgive them, and you don't have to work with them. Still, if your goal is the survival of your group, then you know what you need to do. What is more important for you? The pride of your group or the opportunity to gain three classes?"

Angela opened her eyes widely after hearing that. She couldn't believe that Ryan obtained three classes, and he was offering that power to her and her friends. That was based on the experience she had with the big guy's group, but those with power only want the power to themselves and don't want to share it. While that was a common way of thinking, it only showed how little confidence some people had in them. That couldn't be applied to Ryan.

" Why do you want to give this information to them?" Angela hesitated. "He threatened you, didn't he?"

"That is true, but I have my own reasons," Ryan replied. "Bring him here, and you will understand."

Angela still was hesitating, but given that some of her friends liked that proposal, she decided to follow Ryan's instructions. Still, that was only part of the reason. The memories of a few days ago were still engraved in their minds. Dragons destroying buildings in mere moments, people being burned to a crisp while others were buried alive Not a single sane person would want to experience that again, and in order to prevent that, everyone needed power.

Ryan nodded to himself when he saw Angela and her friends heading to the other camp. He had some preparations to make in order to make things as convenient as possible for him. So, he opened his status screen.

"In the end, it looks like I can't snipe a boss," Ryan said. "That being said, I don't feel like relying on mana that frequently. While doing that will give me the chance to face hordes of enemies, I feel like facing only big guns will be more rewarding, and to do that, I only need to keep increasing my dexterity."

Class: Hunter Lv 08 / Elementalist Lv 05/ Monk Lv 04 (--)

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1200th

Health: 32/46 (0, 1399)

Mana: 58/62 (0, 1399)

Stamina: 47/56 (0,1399)

Strength: 10 (+11)

Dexterity: 89 (+23) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+16) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+10) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+9) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 18

Recovery: 40 (+1) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 1152

Status: 00

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1