Chapter 89: Earth Manipulation Tome

Chapter 89: Earth Manipulation Tome

Ryan decided not to get carried away because he lost his dominant arm the last time he did that. Still, he was running out of time because his food supply was over. Returning to Shreveport and leave the dungeon alone was out of the question since the monsters would spread out and make things complicated for him later. So, without having any other choice, Ryan decided to cook some velociraptor's meat.

"It looks like my ability to cut meat increased alongside my Swordsmanship," Ryan frowned while he was cutting the last velociraptor he killed and separating the meat from the hide.

After a while, Ryan began to cook the meat. Truth to be told, it didn't look that good. Even more so considering that the hide was close by and the dismantled dinosaur was creepy as hell. Fortunately, after a while, Ryan began to feel a good smell.

"I wish I had some salt that way, I would be able to disguise the taste," Ryan sighed.

He just wanted to fill his belly. Ryan wasn't the type who eats anything for the taste, after all. In any case, despite the interruptions, Ryan was caught off-guard by the good taste of the meat. It wasn't excellent and, by far, wasn't the beast meat he had ever had, but it wasn't half bad either.

"It has quite a unique flavor" Ryan muttered in satisfaction. "Let's just hope this isn't poisonous or can make me sick."

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all Poison-type attacks by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan gulped after receiving that notification. Only at that moment, he noticed that he was sweating quite a bit, and his health had decreased maybe it was some kind of poison that would dehydrate him to death Ryan's heart began to beat faster, but then when he used to Heal on this stomach, the effects disappeared immediately.

"Well, it is not like I need mana to defeat the velociraptors," Ryan shrugged. "If anything, it will be more convenient if I keep leveling up Poison Resistance."

Congratulations! The skill Cook has leveled up.

Cook Lv 2  Lv 3

Effect: Increases the effectiveness and speed of your cooking. It also increases your ability when using monster's meat.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Heal, Cook, Poison Resistance" Ryan muttered. "Three birds, one stone. Not bad, I guess."

Although Ryan was making a lot of progress, he wasn't satisfied. Mostly because he was trying to learn other skills but didn't obtain any result, somehow, he could intuitively control his mana. That was why he obtained Strong Arms. However, he was having a hard time trying to do anything similar. It would be really convenient if he could learn Telekinesis, but since that seemed like a high-level magic skill, Ryan was pretty sure he wouldn't be able to learn it anytime soon.

"I can't even create a Fireball or craft my own arrows," Ryan sighed. "There is no way that I will be able to learn Telekinesis."

Although Ryan was having a hard time learning new skills by himself, he could get tomes at any given time. He had plenty of coins, and the velociraptors dropped several things that he could sell to the people on Shreveport, so coins weren't a problem. Well, it was a problem since with ten thousand coins, the best thing Ryan could learn was an Ice Arrow.

"There is no Telekinesis tome in the shop" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "If there was one, I don't think I would have enough coins to buy. Still, that makes me wonder why there are certain tomes be sold while others weren't. Anyway, instead of learning a single spell, maybe I should learn a skill that will help me learn others."

The prices were terrible, but at least the variety of things that one could obtain weren't half bad. Still, Ryan had to look for a while to find what he was looking for, and as expected, the price was insane.

Earth Manipulation Tome

Effect: Grants you the power to manipulate the earth element.

Price: 100.000 coins

That kind of power will certainly help Ryan learn other skills. Unfortunately, Ryan will have to fight for more than ten days nonstop in that dungeon to obtain enough coins. That was beyond crazy.

"It feels like saving coins to buy that is worth the hassle," Ryan nodded to himself. "That being said, I can't afford to stay here for ten days"

In the end, Ryan decided to increase his luck a little bit in order to give him the chance to obtain a tome or two. The problem was: for how long should he stay in that place, killing velociraptors? While his skills were growing, Ryan himself didn't feel that growth since he wasn't being challenged. The real challenge was at the end of the dungeon

"One more day" Ryan said. "I will stay here for another day and then challenge the boss. If I fail, then that is it. That was the limit of my existence. There is no meaning in grinding endlessly if, in the end, not even the boss will pose to be a challenge."

Considering his plan to keep increasing his dexterity non-stop, Ryan wouldn't have many chances to attack the boss. That being said, with his dexterity at that level, missing a shot in a confined space was virtually impossible. It was a bit reckless to think that things would go as exactly as he planned, but he knew the best way to eliminate a massive enemy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1