Chapter 83: Annoyance

Chapter 83: Annoyance

Although Ryan could use only one hand, thanks to Herculean Strength and Strong Arms, he finished Arthur's mother's grave pretty fast. In the end, he even prayed for her to find peace in the afterlife. However, despite all that, he was in a bad mood because he noticed that he had been watched for a while, and they have been watching for him to get tired.

"Come out, or are you afraid of a one-handed man?" Ryan asked.

He didn't notice that, but Ryan confirmed that both camps' scouts have been keeping their eyes on him for a while when a group of five men and another group of four women appeared. Apparently, they didn't notice each other's presence as well, so even though they had planned to talk with Ryan, a fight immediately broke out.

"These guys" Ryan sighed. "They can't be for real"

For the first time in a while, Ryan didn't know what to do. Despite the small difference in numbers, the fight was quite even for both sides. However, since Ryan stayed quiet and didn't do anything for quite a while, both groups noticed that he wasn't a member of neither.

"Hey, help us here. I will make sure to reward you," A tall man said.

"Don't listen to him. If you do, he will only use you as he did with us!" A black-haired woman shouted.

The tall man had black, short hair and quite a physique. He looked like someone who spent decades hitting the gym. His main weapon was a long sword as big as himself. However, even though the woman was small and thin, she could stop the guy's attack with relative ease and even counterattack with a short sword. Ryan knew more than anyone else the power of status points and skills. Still, he couldn't imagine someone obtaining the physical strength to stop a massive sword like that with a short one.

After watching things for a while, Ryan noticed that the woman was using some kind of magic. At the very last moment before the impact, the big guy's sword slowed down, and the power of his attacks decreased.

"Is that Telekinesis?" Ryan frowned. "That is a pretty useful skill still, I can't imagine monsters dropping that kind of thing so soon."

Velociraptors weren't that strong, so they shouldn't drop something as convenient as that. Maybe the boss of their dungeon could drop that, but Ryan was having a hard time imagining the boss of such monsters. He was having even more difficulties imagining their strength.

For a while, Ryan thought of ignoring their fight and head straight for the dungeon. However, he felt that those two were the leaders of each group. So, maybe it was a good idea to wait for them a little bit. They were stronger than the others and also were the only ones who had the confidence to shout and talk with a stranger in the middle of a fight. It took a while, but both sides were forced to back down when their leaders simultaneously hit each other and when their shoulders began to bleed deeply.

"Are you done?" Ryan asked.

"Who are you?" The black-haired woman asked.

"It doesn't matter who I am," Ryan replied. "What does matter is the fact that thanks to your groups, a certain pregnant woman was forced to give birth here and then protect her child in her weakened state. Maybe you two didn't realize, but your petty squabbles, in a way, caused her death."

" Where is her kid?" The woman asked.

"Why do you care?" Ryan glared at her. "Are you feeling responsible for it? It is too late now; her kid is with someone that will look after him."

"You can blame these crazy bitches for Sydney's death," The tall man said. "They decided to take the dungeons to themselves, they failed, and thanks to it, many monsters are around and eating humans."

"That is because you guys attacked us before!" The woman howled. "You always attack when some of us are having difficulties clearing the dungeon!"

"Don't blame us for your weakness," The man said.

"You asshole" The woman bit her lips.

"I don't care I don't fucking care," Ryan said. "For all that I care, you two can keep fighting until both of you die. I just waited until now to say one thing: I will use the dungeon, whether you like it or not. If any of you do anything suspicious, I will kill you and your friends. That way, I will be able to use your camp for a while longer."

Neither of them liked to be threatened, but those two noticed that Ryan wasn't bluffing. They could see the madness in his eyes he wasn't joking. Even though he didn't know Sydney, her death messed with his head quite a bit, or perhaps it was the fact that Arthur became an orphan and would never see his mother's face.

"You seem to be a good man," The woman said. "I'm willing to let you use the dungeon if you accept some of our conditions."

"If you join her side, you will make an enemy out of us," The man said. "Believe me, you will regret it later."

" I think you two are misunderstanding something here," Ryan glared at them. "I'm not asking for permission; I'm telling you what I'm going to do if you get on my way. Still, it looks like words aren't enough to convince you, so maybe I should make an example out of you. I will bet that this will make things simpler for me later."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1