Chapter 87: Proposal

Chapter 87: Proposal

Ryan had twenty-eight status points, and he allocated them all in dexterity without a hint of hesitation. Thanks to that, he noticed a few changes. His eyesight got much better all of a sudden, and his left hand wasn't trembling while he was holding the steel crossbow. While that was nice and all, it hadn't been Ryan's goal.

It took a while, probably because they thought it was some kind of trap, but the big guy and his friends eventually came. Those people don't really know when to relax. Both sides had weapons in their hands and were ready to fight.

"What is your name?" Ryan asked.

"Holland," The big buy replied.

"Well, Holland, I have an offer for you and your friends, just like I have one for Angela and her friends," Ryan said. "But first, why don't you sit down for a little bit and then we talk. Angela, I'm a bit thirsty. Do you have some water?"

" Yeah." Angela frowned.

While Angela was grabbing a water bottle, a velociraptor appeared. Since Ryan was pretty relaxed while sitting on the ground, Holland and his friends prepared for a fight. However, Ryan just turned around for a second and then fired a Flame Arrow. The magic projectile hit the monster's head and exploded it. When the smoke disappeared, everything above the creature's neck had become a small chunk of burned flesh. It was quite a grueling sight. Some of the survivors even threw up. As for Angela and Holland, they gulped.

"This is the power that I offer you, well, not really," Ryan said. "I'm just going to tell you about the places where you can obtain this power. The rest is up to you."

"Why would you tell that to us?" Holland asked.

"Well, the main reason is because you will be forced to leave this place, and I will be able to focus on my own things," Ryan replied. "The second reason is that for the good or the worst, all humans, even people like you, need to grow stronger as fast as possible. The third reason is that I know you will notice something when you clear the second dungeon. For example, I noticed that there are at least one thousand survivors more powerful than me. I wonder what you guys will notice at that moment"

Ryan's words seemed really ominous, but that wasn't enough to faze Angela and Holland. They will only understand the difference of power when they get their second class, after all. Still, if they don't realize it even at that moment, then they were a lost cause.

"Now, I can tell you the locations of two relatively easy dungeons to clear," Ryan said. "I can give you the location of three, but if you mess up, there will be some consequences."

"What kind of consequences?" Angela asked.

"Well, a group of people that I know is currently guarding one of those dungeons," Ryan said. "While I don't care about them, Arthur is with them. Arthur is the child of your friend Sydney so, considering that, you might even gain their help. They probably won't hesitate since they will know I gave this information to you. However, if you do something, like backstabbing them, I will not forgive you. Did you see that? You will wish that you had the same fate. If only one of you try anything funny, I will exterminate all the members of that group. Believe me, I may not be around when you get your class or in the near future, but I will know that you are plotting something, and before you put your plans into action, I will stop you and make you regret being born in this world."

Another velociraptor appeared, and Ryan exploded the head of the beast as well. The idea of suffering a destiny worst than that made most of the survivors turn pale. They weren't quite sure if Ryan had the power to know what they were thinking or doing from far away, but they didn't feel like testing if that was the face.

"I will hear your answer in one hour," Ryan said and then laid on the grass.

Although he looked pretty relaxed, Ryan killed mercilessly all the monsters that came from the dungeon. Angela and Holland could also do the same and without help, but they couldn't do it in that same position. They wanted that power no, they needed that power. Still, it seemed that to obtain it, they had to involve themselves with some difficult people, and if they try anything suspicious, Ryan will exterminate them even by accident. He certainly has the power since he killed the velociraptors that way for one hour without getting tired. Not only that, he was planning to fight an apex predator of the Jurassic period alone. It was clear that he was insane enough to turn all his threats into reality. As if that wasn't enough, he was getting stronger by the minute, and they clearly could see that.

Congratulations! Your class Hunter has leveled up.

Hunter Lv 8  Lv 9

Dexterity + 2, Stamina + 2, Health + 1, Mana + 1, Speed + 1, Control +1.

Congratulations! Your class Elementalist has leveled up.

Elementalist Lv 5  Lv 6

Intelligence + 2, Mana + 2, Health + 1, stamina + 1, recovery + 1, control +1.

"We accept your offer," Angela declared after one hour. "We don't want to work directly with them, but we don't see any reason why we shouldn't ally ourselves with other groups."

"Although we didn't like your words, we share the same opinion in some aspects," Holland said. "We will also accept your offer."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1