Chapter 88: Warning

Chapter 88: Warning

Without wasting any time, both groups began to prepare their things in order to carry them back to Shreveport. They didn't have much, so it was fine. Regardless, to avoid any problems, Ryan gave them the order to choose a side of the river, and the other group would choose the opposite direction.

"When you find the survivor's camp, look for Cole or John," Ryan said. "When you see them say those words: Ryan sent us if we mess up, he said that he is going to do the dirty job. If you change a single word, they will know, and I will know. So, try to work hard in order to become real survivors and stop being morons."

His words were harsh, but even though they were difficult to accept, some of them knew that Ryan was right. They messed up when things got a little better and let the idea of power get on their heads. In any case, no one protested, and both groups left the dungeon and headed toward Shreveport.

"Well, now it is time to play with my new toys," Ryan said while looking at the weapons Angela have to him.

Ax, sword, spear, dagger, and there was even a whip. As expected, camping outside a dungeon was really a pretty decent business. Even though Ryan killed who knows how many monsters, he never found a whip or perhaps one of Angela's friends bought them through the dungeon shop.

"Let's start with this bad boy," Ryan picked the whip and then started to move it around. "Although it is in my best interest to level up my classes, leveling up this should be faster."

Ryan had no experience in using whips, but the weapon didn't get any close to hitting him, thanks to his high dexterity. Also, surprisingly enough, the power behind the weapon was the real deal. When Ryan hit a velociraptor with it, the creature screamed in agony since the whip left a massive wound on its face.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Whip Mastery.

Effect: Increases your damage when using whips by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Mmm it looks like the whip's damage is related with my dexterity, just like in the games I played in the past," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

Although that seemed accurate, whips weren't that strong if compared to crossbows. So, Ryan had to attack four times before killing a velociraptor. In any case, at some point, Ryan realized that fighting with a single hand with any other weapon aside from whip was going to be pretty difficult, even if he uses Heal frequently. So, he decided to damage the monster's legs with the whip and then finish them off with other weapons.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ax Mastery.

Effect: Increases your damage when using axes by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"I guess I can also damage their legs with Flame Arrow and use the other weapons," Ryan nodded to himself. "That way, I will also level up my classes."

It wasn't easy to properly calculate how much time Ryan needed to level up his low-level skills to a certain point. However, since he managed to level up Whip and Ax Mastery to level five in just two hours, he decided that it would be a pretty good idea to return to his fundamentals.

"Let's see, with my current recovery," Ryan opened his skill list and then checked Power Shot. "I can keep the skill active for three seconds in order to kill each velociraptor. Considering that I don't need mana for that, I will use my mana to level up Lesser Water Enchantment."

It was quite weird to be some mathematical and precise while hunting monsters, but since the system was in its core an RPG, Ryan didn't have any other choice. It would be more fun if he could find a dungeon whose current strength was barely enough to stop the monsters for the sake of efficiency, but that was a bit too much to ask for.

Class: Hunter Lv 09 / Elementalist Lv 06/ Monk Lv 04 (--)

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1165th

Health: 32/48 (0, 1399)

Mana: 58/65 (0, 1399)

Stamina: 47/59 (0,1399)

Strength: 10 (+11)

Dexterity: 89 (+25) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+17) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+12) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+11) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 18

Recovery: 40 (+5) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 9052

Status: 52

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 09, Throw Lv 04, Dash Lv 05, Rapid Shot Lv 05, Herculean Strength Lv 04, Fighter's Spirit Lv 04,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 10, Concentration Lv 10, Archery Lv 10, Accuracy Lv 09, Stealth Lv 05, Pain Resistance Lv 02, Perception Lv 05, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 07, Swordsmanship Lv 05, Alert Lv 05, Cook Lv 02, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 06, Tracking Lv 05, Spearmanship Lv 05, Knife Mastery Lv 05, Martial Arts Lv 05, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03, Monk's Style Lv 04, Whip Mastery Lv 05, Ax Mastery Lv 05,

Spells: Analysis Lv 05, Lurk Lv 05, Mana Transfusion Lv 07, Meditation Lv 06, Flame Arrow Lv 07, Appraisal Lv 06, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 06, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 06, Earth Bullet Lv 04, Heal Lv 05, Strong Arms Lv 04,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 02, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 05, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 04

"Holy crap this place is much better than I thought," Ryan muttered in surprise after killing velociraptors for more than one day straight. "Putting the coins aside how could I have thought that my skills could level up so fast here"

Even Ryan's classes progressed quite a bit. That was awesome, considering that he didn't see himself in danger, not even a single time. Although that felt like a very boring manual work, things were actually different since Ryan could see his progress, and it was more than decent. With so many free statuses, he even began to think that if he puts all of them into dexterity, he might kill in one shot the T-rex.

"Ha-ha, as if it must be my tired mind trying to fool me." Ryan forced a smile.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1