Chapter 94: Dragon

Chapter 94: Dragon

Without wasting any time, Ryan used Incomplete Reptilian Transformation on his right arm, and just as he had expected, a new arm appeared right there. It wasn't quite human since it had scales and had a green glow in some areas, but it didn't feel much different than his left arm. In fact, it felt much better and stronger. Not only that, Ryan's dexterity and strength increased by twenty percent which was the bonus of the skill.

"Perfect now things are finally looking good," Ryan smiled. "Although I can only keep this arm for a few seconds, eventually, I will be able to keep it at all times."

When Ryan deactivated the skill, his right arm disappeared, and he didn't feel any pain. In any case, Ryan finally finished his business in that hellhole, so it was time to leave but not before eating the T-rex. Ryan wasn't only hungry; he was exhausted since all his fuel and more had been consumed to heal his legs.

"I guess I more or less achieved my goal of recovering my dominate arm," Ryan muttered while he was cooking the T-rex meat. "Since it looks, I lost twenty pounds to heal my legs. Maybe I should look for the blood of a race of monsters that can store a lot of energy by eating and without getting fat. That would be perfect"

It looks like Ryan was getting carried away, but he couldn't think of any better goals for the time being, even though finding monster's blood that could grant him a new race was even more difficult to find than tomes.

If he could, Ryan would have to keep eating the T-rex flesh until he recovered the weight that he lost, but unfortunately, after one hour of eating the same meat non-stop, not only he got sick of it, but his stomach was also about to explode. Some velociraptors spawned and tried to his meal, but Ryan quickly disposed of them with his new arm. A single punch was more than enough to send them to the afterlife.

"I have more than enough coins to complete the set of rings of the immortal, considering that my current goal is to have enough recovery to keep that transformation at all times, that is the best thing I can do right now," Ryan nodded to himself while he was heading toward the exit of the dungeon. "Still, maybe it is time to upgrade them their better versions will be more expensive, but if I use this dungeon for a while"

As far as he could tell, no one had better use of that dungeon than Ryan. Although there are the survivors in Shreveport, and they might want their fourth classes at some point, things should be fine if Ryan gives them a hand on defeating the boss while he gets the coins from the velociraptors. He needed some time to train his new skills anyway, so there was no need to rush.

"Based on my calculations, I will need six thousand points in recovery to have enough mana to keep that skill active all the time," Ryan said. "Reach that number won't be easy, but I bet it is achievable. I have a passive recovery, so that is already a big help, and what the heck?"

The very moment Ryan stepped out of the dungeon, he frowned when he saw a massive smokescreen coming from Shreveport. It has been a while since he saw that scene, and he couldn't quite understand why he saw it again. Ryan's first thought had been that Angela and Holland had done something, but then that appeared a red creature flying in the sky. Even at that distance, Ryan could see what that thing was. It was obvious what it was since it was breathing fire.

"A dragon returned" Ryan muttered.

Ryan couldn't quite understand why suddenly a dragon appeared. It was hard to believe that they had destroyed every sign of civilization in the world in just a few weeks, and now they were hunting those who lasted until now. However, Ryan changed his mind because he could only see a single dragon. Like a bird that had separated from a group Ryan couldn't help but wonder if it was a weakened one or if it was looking for small camps since the competition was high against other dragons. Either way, it didn't matter.

"Crap I will have to leave my weapons here!" Ryan said and then began to throw away everything that he wasn't wearing.

Ryan's backpack would be able to store only so many potions, but he quickly filled it with mana and stamina potions. In the blink of an eye, he spent ten thousand of his coins. Killing a single dragon probably won't give him that much coins, but Ryan wasn't making such calculations right at that moment.

"Why am I heading there anyway?" Ryan pondered while he was filling his backpack with potions. "Whether they live or die, it is none of my concern."

While that was true, the idea of ignoring the dragon never crossed Ryan's mind. Arthur wasn't his son, but for some reason, Ryan didn't feel like let the newborn baby lost everything again. The kid deserved a better life than the one of constantly running away from monsters

"Let's just hope I won't die trying to play hero," Ryan took a deep breath and then began to run in a straight line.

At some point, the lake blocked Ryan's path, but as expected, he could run over water with his current speed.

Class: Hunter Lv 14 / Elementalist Lv 11/ Monk Lv 05 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/--

Rank: 1080th

Health: 55/55 (0, 1733)

Mana: 110/110 (0, 1733)

Stamina: 78/78 (0,1733)

Strength: 10 (+15)

Dexterity: 193 (+37) (+27)

Speed: 30 (+27) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+22) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+24) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 40 (+21) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 19422

Status: 06

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 17, Throw Lv 07, Dash Lv 07, Rapid Shot Lv 08, Herculean Strength Lv 06, Fighter's Spirit Lv 06,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 14, Concentration Lv 14, Archery Lv 14, Accuracy Lv 13, Stealth Lv 07, Pain Resistance Lv 06, Perception Lv 08, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 12, Swordsmanship Lv 06, Alert Lv 05, Cook Lv 03, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 12, Tracking Lv 05, Spearmanship Lv 05, Knife Mastery Lv 05, Martial Arts Lv 05, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03, Monk's Style Lv 04, Whip Mastery Lv 05, Ax Mastery Lv 05, Magnet Lv 01, Passive Recovery Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 05, Lurk Lv 08, Mana Transfusion Lv 12, Meditation Lv 09, Flame Arrow Lv 10, Appraisal Lv 09, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 10, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 06, Earth Bullet Lv 04, Heal Lv 06, Strong Arms Lv 04, Repair Lv 01, Auto-Production Lv 01, Lesser Poisonous Enchantment Lv 01, Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 01,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 04, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 06, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 06, Poison Resistance Lv 05,

Classes:

Combat:

Non-Combat: Blacksmith Lv 01

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1