Chapter 92: More Handicaps?

Chapter 92: More Handicaps?

"Argh I should have brought some health potions as well," Ryan said, and then he started to drink mana and a stamina potion at the same time.

Ryan started to use Heal, but at least from his perspective, the skill wasn't healing him fast enough. Fortunately, the T-rex still was trying to get up using a single leg. That was quite difficult, given that it had a massive size. If Ryan had used his head and not have let his greedy control him, he should have noticed that destroying the monster's legs first was his best option. It was too late to think about now to heal a would, Ryan had to touch his body with his only hand. Also, while using Heal, he couldn't concentrate on using other skills because it was a skill which its effects happen over time.

Fortunately, the monster wasn't smart enough to understand that its scream was more than enough to finish Ryan off. Still, he had to thank himself for that, since the beast was in pain thanks to himself.

When Ryan's health reached the halfway point, he tried to get up. However, he soon fell to the ground again. His sense of balance was gone since his eardrums had been damaged. Noticing that its enemy was weak, the T-rex got up. Even though it still was in pain, it moved slowly toward Ryan.

"Bad boy, bad boy" Ryan said and then picked his crossbow and aimed at the other leg of the beast.

Before Ryan could pull the trigger, the monster moved its head and used it to block his attack. Although his steel crossbow was pretty powerful and caused some damage, the beast was willing to get hurt in the face even more because it would be better than losing its mobility.

By the look of things, the monster had cooled its head enough to understand that Ryan would win if he destroys the other leg. Although that was bad, it wasn't completely bad for Ryan. He used all his mana and fired several steel bolts on the monster's face. His accuracy had decreased a lot, but the damage was pilling up, and more important than that, the monster couldn't move while it blocks his attack.

Tyrannosaurus Rex- Lv 25

Health: 1234/3500

Mana: 1400/1500

Stamina: 1750/2000

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 30

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 40

Spells: Scream Lv 20

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 50

Ryan didn't have time to use Power Shot, so his stamina was unneeded. Thanks to that, he began to drink his mana potions one after the other and kept firing his steel bolts. Flame Arrow wasn't the best option since the monster's Fire Resistance was at level fifty, so Ryan only used his crossbow until he drank the last mana potion. The T-rex's face looked like a hedgehog, the beast was bleeding all over, but it hadn't given up yet. More important than that, it was only five meters away from Ryan. In a few more seconds, the beast will have the chance to crush him to bits or eat him alive. Hell, even if Ryan kills the beast, he probably was going to get crushed anyway.

"At the very least, I will take you down with me," Ryan smirked.

Ryan used the last points of mana he still had to create a steel bolt and then began to prepare his Power Shot alongside Lesser Wind Enchantment. The very moment the beast noticed that Ryan was planning his last attack, it used all its remaining strength to jump while moving toward Ryan. The fucking beast didn't want to open its mouth and risk getting its inside hit by an attack of that level. That was pretty smart for a monster of the Jurassic period. Still, Ryan didn't give in to despair. The action of the monster gave Ryan the chance to see a path toward the monster's heart. A path was that completely unprotected. Besides, Ryan was expecting what would come next.

When Ryan was sure that his steel bolt would hit the monster's vital, he pulled the trigger. The bolt flew in a straight line and only stopped when it hit the heart of the monster. In the next moment, Ryan received several notifications and status points. In the blink of an eye, he put several points into mana and then activated Herculean Strength and Strong Arms. Ryan hit the ground with both of his arms and then forcefully made his body move to the side. Still, not even that had been enough to save him completely. Ryan's legs got crushed by the monster's body, and the pain made him faint.

Somehow, Ryan woke up. He didn't die due to the blood loss, but he still was bleeding. Apparently, just a few minutes had passed. He only woke up because recovery did its magic. However, even though his health, mana, and stamina were full again, his legs were still destroyed and beneath the T-rex body.

"Crap I need to move," Ryan muttered in pain. "Other velociraptors may appear at any moment."

Ryan tried to use Strong Arms and Herculean Strength to move the corpse of the beast. However, his current strength wasn't nearly enough to move a monster that weighed tons.

"I guess it can't be helped this is going to hurt," Ryan sighed and then cast a Flame Arrow.

Little by little, Ryan exploded the monster's body until only he destroyed enough flesh and separated a huge chunk from the corpse. This time he managed to move that piece of flesh, but his legs' situation was worse than Ryan thought, the pain had decreased thanks to recovery, but as far as he could tell, every single piece of bone and muscles had been destroyed. If recovery doesn't heal that then Ryan was screwed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1