Chapter 96: New Knowledge

Chapter 96: New Knowledge

A poisoned arrow would probably stop the Fire Breath, but it wouldn't prevent it completely. So, Ryan decided to jump with all his might in order to escape the attack. After all, in that position, the dragon could only raise its head up to a certain point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Strong Legs.

Effect: Increases your strength by one point per level on your legs temporarily.

Cost: 01 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan had no idea why he learned that skill at such a moment when he tried hundreds of times in the previous days only to fail, but it didn't matter. What did matter be the fact that Ryan managed to jump over the beast and escape the possible range of the Fire Breath? Thanks to all that, Ryan managed to see the attack in its max power. The range was approximately fifty meters, and the flames were so powerful that Ryan couldn't even look at it even thirty meters away from it. If he gets hit by that for just one second, he will die, and no potion or skill will prevent that.

"What?" Ryan opened their eyes in surprise when he landed on the back of the dragon.

He only tried to escape the attack, now that Ryan landed in an unexpected place, he was completely taken aback. Was that bad or an excellent chance? Ryan had no idea. However, he knew that he had to do something before the dragon realizes where he is. It would be awesome if Ryan had brought his steel crossbow, but since he didn't have to aim, Ryan could be that fast even while using a bow as big as that.

In the blink of an eye, Ryan fired five bone arrows. For some reason, he fired all of them around himself. Why? Because he knew what was about to happen. As expected, the dragon began to fly with Ryan on its back. Even without thinking too much about it, Ryan knew that fighting a flying enemy was the worst type of challenge for him, even more so when the opponent was a dragon that had a ranged attack that probably could melt whole buildings in seconds. So, he put those arrows around him to offer some support.

As expected, the fucking beast flew to the sky in a straight line as if it was a rocket. It was trying to make Ryan fall, but the arrows were strong. So, they offered decent support to Ryan, even though his mana was empty and he could only use a single hand. Ryan needed to attack. Even moment counts against such a beast. However, he could barely keep his eyes open when the dragon was flying due to its speed. So, that was out of the question.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Wind Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all wind-type attacks by one point.

You obtained 01 status point.

The situation was so insane that Ryan even obtained a skill that he shouldn't have, given that the dragon didn't use any wind-type attacks. Going up at that speed eventually made Ryan feel dizzy. He had no idea exactly how high he was, but he began to worry when the temperature began to drop, and breathing became difficult.

"Fucking monster if you want to freeze to death in outer space, don't to take me with you," Ryan clenched his teeth and mustered all the courage he had and then let go of the bone arrows.

Ryan began to fall uncontrollably, but eventually, he managed to stop spinning in the air. Only to find the fucking beast slowing down with the dark sky right above it. The dragon tried to scare Ryan, and it actually succeeded, or maybe it really had planned to go to outer space since it somehow could survive there. Either way, it didn't matter anymore. Ryan was on a freefall, probably thirty kilometers above soil if the fall doesn't kill him, the dragon will.

"Screw it," Ryan bit his lips. "It is all or nothing."

Ryan wouldn't be able to use all his potions in that situation, so he decided to do what he could. He began to hit the backpack until most of the bottles inside of it broke. He probably will have one hell of a stomachache if he survives, but he began to drink the liquid after opening the backpack a little. Much to his surprise, there were no signs of the glasses, and the liquid went to his throat without issues.

When his mana and stamina were full again, Ryan used Incomplete Reptilian Transformation and then concentrated his Power Shot. The dragon still was gaining speed while flying downward, so there was a good distance between him and Ryan. That was perfect. If he hits, he will make the beast waste even more time trying to gain speed again. Even if he misses, the beast will lose some speed to move to the side.

Ryan fired his arrow, and the dragon used the Fire Breath to destroy the projectile. Fortunately, Ryan imagined the beast would try that or dodge the attack. So, he just charged the Power Shot for a few seconds and used his remaining mana to enchant the projectile with the power of the wind. The projectile lost some raw power, but it gained speed and some piercing power. As expected, the bone arrow hit the inside of the beast's mouth and made it stop while it trembled through the air.

"Serves you right," Ryan smirked. "Damned monster"

Ryan gained some time, but he couldn't stop there and began to prepare for his next attack, but then he noticed that his stamina and mana were full again. He frowned when he saw that, but then Ryan noticed the backpack couldn't keep all the liquid inside of it for long. Some of the potions' liquid was flowing through small holes, and some of it was getting absorbed by his body.

"I lost a lot of potions, but fortunately, I learned something useful" Ryan said. "Here comes a big one"

On his back, the backpack and the liquid will probably make Ryan recover his energy for a minute or two. He tried to look to the ground beneath him, and he concluded that he had more or less that same amount of time before hitting the ground. So, Ryan decided to bet everything on one last attack.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1