Chapter 95: Dragon'S Breath

Chapter 95: Dragon's Breath

Ryan didn't know for how long that dragon had been running wild, but when he reached the other side of the lake, the camp that Lilian had created had been completely destroyed and have been abandoned. Sahuagins were leaving the dungeon again, and those fuckers would be a pain to hunt later due to their long-ranged attacks.

After confirming the dragon's position and looking at the things around him, Ryan concluded that the monster was chasing the survivors. Somehow, there was no corpse behind, but it was only a matter of time before he could find one. Dragons could fly and spitfire, so chasing humans was just a minor nuisance to them.

Ryan used Dash and headed toward to the beast that was two miles away from his current position. Fortunately, the beast apparently appeared a few minutes ago. If Ryan had left the dungeon five or ten minutes later, he probably would only find smoke and the city destroyed.

Although he came prepared to a fight, Ryan couldn't help but gulp when he saw that red dragon from up-close. The beast was massive and could maneuver in midair with an elegance one couldn't expect with that size. They were fifty meters long, after all. As expected, the monster was chasing a group of survival that was heading toward the south side of Shreveport, but since they were slow, Ryan understood that they were only heading to a dead-end. They didn't have the stats to run over the river of magma.

"Where are those idiots dumbasses, at least try to fight," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance and then activated his Incomplete Reptilian Transformation.

As much as Ryan wanted, he couldn't use any spells because his mana would be used solely to create his right arm. When it appeared, he immediately created a bone arrow and aimed it at the beast. Somehow, even though it was two hundred meters away from it, and Ryan could be considered an ant in front of such a monster, the dragon felt its presence and looked at him.

"Oh, boy" Ryan frowned. "Those are some wild instincts"

At first, the dragon didn't do anything upon finding him, but when Ryan began to concentrate his Power Shot, the beast slowed down and eventually turned around. It was hard to believe that Ryan could one-shot kill a monster like that with his current strength, but that action told him that he could damage the monster if he uses a full-powered attack and so he did it.

The beast had underestimated Ryan's power, or maybe it couldn't fly faster than that. Either way, when the creature was fifty meters away from him, Ryan fired his arrow. The beast didn't even have time to see that one coming. It straight hit its face causing a massive impact that made the monster even lose some altitude and speed. Pieces of dragon's flesh and blood began to drip over the city's street Ryan had caused even more damage than he had expected. He had underestimated the bonus of status his Incomplete Reptilian Transformation could give him.

Red Dragon - Lv 50

Health: 44852/50.000

Mana: 25.700/30.000

Stamina: 35.400/40.000

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bite Lv 60

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 90

Spells: Fire Breath Lv 150

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 150

"Holy crap what the hell are those statues?" Ryan opened his eyes in shock. "How are we supposed to fight those things?"

Although apparently, his last attack could have killed in one shot a T-rex, that was the last thing Ryan would think in such a moment. Among all the creatures Ryan found so far, dragons seemed to be at the top of the food chain, which looked kind of obvious. Still, how one would expect the human race to survive against that level of power even more so when hundreds of them appeared to destroy only a medium-sized city like Shreveport?

Those were some good questions, but Ryan didn't have time for them. Instead, he grabbed several potions and began to drink to the point where he almost choked since he tried to drink four at the same time. Even before Ryan could recover all his energy, the dragon was already close to him. That was really bad since he was slower, but Ryan had imagined that was the case since the very beginning. The dragon approached him and instead of using fire, it just opened its mouth the eat him whole.

"You should eat this instead of me," Ryan pointed his bow and arrow toward the open mouth of the beast and then fired.

The dragon trembled when the bone arrow hit the inside of its mouth, and that movement gave Ryan the chance to jump to the side and avoid being crushed. However, that had been just the first part of his attack. A second after, the beast fell on the ground and began to hit its head against the ground. Ryan had used a poison attack, and apparently, poison is quite effective when it directly hits the insides of a monster. Even if the damage wasn't quite there, it must be quite annoying to taste a poisoned bone arrow.

Ryan didn't waste time and immediately got up and prepared for his next attack. A full-powered Power Shot probably will be enough to damage the beast's eyes, even though they have scales on their eyelids. However, Ryan only had five seconds to charge the attack. The massive beast fell the danger again and immediately used its arms to protect its face. However, Ryan didn't let that happen. He fired, and even though his attack was weaker, it pierced the monster's eyelids and destroyed its left eye.

"ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

Ryan wished that there was some skill that could prevent his ears from being damaged over and over again, but since he didn't receive any after hearing the scream of a dragon, then it doesn't exist. Regardless, even without using Appraisal, Ryan confirmed that he had caused critical damage. That was good, and it was bad because the monster probably wouldn't underestimate him any further, and just like Ryan expected, the monster opened its mouth, and Ryan saw a fireball growing in there.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1