Chapter 91: Agony

Chapter 91: Agony

The beast screamed from the depths of its soul in agony. Ryan certainly caused one hell of critical damage. A force-field appeared immediately, dividing the tunnel and the last of the dungeon in two, Ryan was pushed forward to the last area, but when that happened, he already had two stamina potions on his mouth.

When the beast finally found Ryan, he was already preparing another attack. Ryan didn't know if the monster had some wild senses, but he decided to blind the beast for good and aimed at the other eye, even if that were the case. As much as he wanted to charge another full-powered shot, Ryan didn't since the beast began to move toward him, and the boss was surprisingly fast for its size.

"Oh, crap" Ryan bit his lips and then pulled the trigger.

Even with that size, the monster reacted on time to dodge the bolt and avoid losing another eye. That being said, Ryan's bolt still scratched the face of the beast, taking off a huge chunk of flesh from it. It caused some damage, but that only enraged the monster.

"It is time to plan F plan fucking fire Flame Arrows like there is no tomorrow!" Ryan said.

In just two seconds, Ryan created ten Flame Arrows, and they exploded the monster's face. Rising a curtain of smoke and, at the same time, making him feel the smell of burned flesh. Ryan prepared another Power Shot since that attack slowed down the monster quite a bit, but then suddenly, the monster charged even more ferociously than before. Most of the beast's face was burned or was still on fire, but Ryan's magic projectiles didn't hit the monster's remaining eye. Thanks to it, the furiously look of the beast sent shivers down his spine. When Ryan finally recovered from the shock, the beast was just five meters from him and with its massive jaw wide open to devour. The mouth of the beast alone was bigger than him

Ryan jumped to his left side to avoid that attack because that was all he could do. Still, feeling the breath of the wild beast so close to his body made Ryan wonder why he had been in such a hurry to face it. For a second, he wondered if he had a death wish.

Even though he had only one arm and that arm held his crossbow, Ryan got up faster than the monster could recover from the attack. It was only natural that the beast couldn't change directions that fast. Still, even could he was a bit faster, Ryan couldn't do anything in such a short amount of time, aside from gain some distance over the beast and grab some mana potions.

"New plan keep distance and attack with magic," Ryan turned around and then began to run.

The last area of the dungeon was long enough for Ryan to run and gain some distance over the beast, but with his current speed and stamina, he wouldn't be able to do that for more than a few seconds. He had a few potions left, but Ryan concluded that it was better not to take his time.

After confirming that he was fifty or so meters away from the beast, Ryan stopped and attacked with Flame Arrows. The beast charged mindlessly again, so it got directly. The damage was pilling up although the situation wasn't good, it wasn't that bad either, if Ryan pulls of that four more times, he probably will kill the beast.

Tyrannosaurus Rex- Lv 25

Health: 1954/3500

Mana: 1400/1500

Stamina: 1920/2000

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 30

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 40

Spells: Scream Lv 20

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 50

However, when Ryan tried to repeat that. The monster did something unexpected. It opened its mouth and then let out a roar that made the entire dungeon tremble. Ryan's ears trembled, and after a while, he felt then getting a bit wet while the high-pitching sound still was echoing through his head. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan's magic projectiles were dispersed.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. "Ugh"

The situation seemed like it couldn't get any worse, but it got even worse. The hoar damaged Ryan's ears, and now he could slightly see the scenario in front of him, rotating slightly to the side. He even fell on the ground but prevented the worst by using his right knee as a support.

"Not good" Ryan said.

The beast was charging at him, and Ryan couldn't expect that he would be able to recover from the dizziness before he gets run over by it, or worse before he gets eater. Killing the beast in that kind of situation was too unrealistic, so Ryan decided to buy some time. He aimed his crossbow at the leg of the beast and then activated Lesser Water Enchantment.

The bolt flew in a straight line and somehow hit the monster's right leg piercing it all the other way to the other side. As if that hadn't been enough, the area hit froze for a few seconds, and that made the beast trip. Ryan avoided getting run over and eaten by the beast, but the monster's momentum still made the boss slip through the ground of the dungeon until its face hit him.

Ryan felt as if he had been hit by a truck and rolled on the ground several times before hitting the dungeon's walls. Immediately, Ryan felt something on his sides cracking, more than a few of his ribs were broken, but at least the pain made the dizziness go away. Still, looking at his health, Ryan wasn't quite sure if he had won that exchange.

Class: Hunter Lv 11 / Elementalist Lv 08/ Monk Lv 05 (--)

Race: Night Demon /--/--

Rank: 1165th

Health: 08/48 (0, 1500)

Mana: 13/73 (0, 1500)

Stamina: 44/67 (0,1500)

Strength: 10 (+15)

Dexterity: 193 (+29) (+12)

Speed: 30 (+23) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+16) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+16)

Control: 06 (+17) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 40 (+7) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 17022

Status: 00

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1