Chapter 93: Class: Blacksmith

Chapter 93: Class: Blacksmith

Fortunately, even though Ryan thought many times that his legs were long gone, his legs healed after just ten minutes. Apparently, as long as the parts are there, recovery could do its magic perfectly. Still, that miracle came with a price. Ryan began to feel hungry like he never felt before. Hungry to the point where he was thinking to chew the damaged and burned flesh of the T-rex, even with the hide.

"The velociraptors didn't spawn is it because I'm still here and didn't get my rewards?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Well, let's my rewards already."

Before eating anything, Ryan checked for his loot. Although he was happy to find a bow near the corpse of the T-rex, he couldn't help but sigh. It was another bow but he couldn't use it with a single hand.

Bone Bow

Effect: Consumes ten points of mana to create a bone arrow. Dexterity + 30

Durability: 60/60

"Not bad, not bad at all," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "This is definitely the most powerful weapon currently on my hands."

Ryan could only expect that he would heal his arms before he finds an even more powerful bow. Or maybe it was a bit dangerous to wish for that since he couldn't tell when or if he would obtain a more powerful weapon. Ryan hurried to the treasure box and then received that message again.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Sorcerer, Knight, and Blacksmith.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Sorcerer, Knight, and Blacksmith" Ryan said. "Knight won't be useful for me, at least for the time being. Sorcerer seems the best option. After all, what I can forge with a single hand?"

Maybe Ryan will gain some skills that will give him the chance to forge things even with a single hand. However, he couldn't help but wonder if it wouldn't be better to spend most of his time fighting monsters and to level up his skills instead of making things. Even though fighting was quite exciting, Ryan recalled once more that he was made of meat and bones and almost died since he challenged a monster of the Jurassic period alone. Still, despite everything, the idea of crafting things seemed quite appealing. Not only that, but blacksmiths also need high levels of dexterity to produce good weapons at least that was the case considering Ryan's knowledge of games.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Blacksmith!

You obtained the following skills: Repair, Auto-Production, and Magnet.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Repair.

Effect: it restores the durability of all types of equipment.

Cost: 10 mana restores 01 durability

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Auto-Production.

Effect: You can skip the production process of something if you sacrifice your mana. Beware that the harder the material, the more mana you will have to spend.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magnet.

Effect: Gives you a chance to obtain ores as drops from monsters.

Current chance: 01% chance of finding one iron ore from monsters.

You obtained 01 status point.

Those were some unexpected skills. Ryan thought he would learn things like forge knife, forge sword and so on. While those weren't so bad, the fact that they wouldn't help him directly in a fight was kind of troublesome. Still, the surprises weren't over yet.

Congratulations! You have obtained your fourth class! As such, you have become one of the 1100 humans who obtained three classes! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 1080th

You obtained Reptilian's blood.

"Reptilian's Blood what the hell" Ryan frowned.

Ryan imagined that he would reach the one-thousandth position, but it looked like he underestimated Earth's survivors. In any case, he finally got the chance to obtain the blood of another species, but Ryan hesitated a bit this time. Well, just for a while, until he tried to Analyze the item.

Reptilian's Blood.

It grants you the following skills: Passive Recovery, Lesser Poisonous Enchantment, Incomplete Reptilian Transformation.

Ryan didn't know if this skill wasn't at the level where it should show him the demerits of drinking that, or if, just like the night demon's blood, it has no downsides. Those three skills seemed pretty interesting, so Ryan felt the urge to drink it, even though he might turn into a half-reptile.

"Ah, screw it" Ryan said, and then drink the blood. "It is not like I will change that much. Maybe my appearance will, but it is not like I intend to find another girlfriend."

As usual, Ryan's speed of decision making was almost unrivaled. Fortunately, Ryan didn't notice any change in his body. If anything, he just felt a wave of power flowing through his body, which gave him a sense of relief.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Passive Recovery.

Effect: it increases your recovery passively by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lesser Poisonous Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of poison. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 10%, and it will last for five seconds.

Cost: 20 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Incomplete Reptilian Transformation.

Effect: it gives you the power to change one part of your body and strengthen your status by twenty percent based on the part that will be transformed.

Cost: 10 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Upon seeing the description of those skills, Ryan couldn't help but grin.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1