Chapter 100: Planning

Chapter 100: Planning

Ryan's surprises didn't end there. Almost dying have already been worth the hassle, considering that he got the Fire Manipulation spell but had received much more than he had expected. Ryan only realized that when he opened his status screen. He leveled up many skills while he was fighting. Most of them were related to his Hunter class.

Class: Hunter Lv 18 / Elementalist Lv 15/ Monk Lv 09 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/--

Rank: 950th

Health: 67/67 (0, 2466)

Mana: 126/126 (0, 2466)

Stamina: 90/90 (0,2466)

Strength: 10 (+24) (+30)

Dexterity: 193 (+45) (+27)

Speed: 30 (+35) (+3)

Intelligence: 09 (+30) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+40)

Control: 06 (+28) (+10)

Mentality: 07

Luck: 30

Recovery: 40 (+65) (+43)

Willpower: 09

Coins: 29422

Status: 56

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 21, Throw Lv 07, Dash Lv 07, Rapid Shot Lv 08, Herculean Strength Lv 06, Fighter's Spirit Lv 06,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 17, Concentration Lv 17, Archery Lv 17, Accuracy Lv 17, Stealth Lv 07, Pain Resistance Lv 09, Perception Lv 10, Rage Lv 05, Precision Lv 14, Swordsmanship Lv 06, Alert Lv 08, Cook Lv 03, Stalk Lv 02, Art of Sniping Lv 15, Tracking Lv 05, Spearmanship Lv 05, Knife Mastery Lv 05, Martial Arts Lv 05, Craft Lv 02, Shield Mastery Lv 03, Monk's Style Lv 04, Whip Mastery Lv 05, Ax Mastery Lv 05, Magnet Lv 01, Passive Recovery Lv 05,

Spells: Analysis Lv 05, Lurk Lv 08, Mana Transfusion Lv 16, Meditation Lv 09, Flame Arrow Lv 10, Appraisal Lv 09, Lesser Fire Enchantment Lv 03, Lesser Water Enchantment Lv 10, Lesser Wind Enchantment Lv 10, Earth Bullet Lv 04, Heal Lv 06, Strong Arms Lv 04, Repair Lv 01, Auto-Production Lv 01, Lesser Poisonous Enchantment Lv 01, Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 05, Strong Legs Lv 01, Fire Manipulation Lv 01,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 04, Fire Resistance Lv 03, Heat Resistance Lv 04, Sleep Resistance Lv 06, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 06, Poison Resistance Lv 05, Wind Resistance Lv 01,

Classes:

Combat:

Non-Combat: Blacksmith Lv 01,

"I guess the tome was a reward for reaching the top one thousand survivors," Ryan muttered. "Twenty thousand coins for killing a single dragon is much more than I expected to receive."

"It looks like you are underestimating us. For some reason, I feel weakened, so it looks like the amnesia also weakened us. My instincts tell me that an ordinary dragon can give you ten thousand coins. The rest you obtained was due to the fact that the red dragon killed many humans."

"So, you guys also have access to the system," Ryan said. "In any case, this amnesia of yours is certainly suspicious."

"We have access to the system, but I can tell that the human's system is more complex. Based on what Alissa told me, we don't have a ranking, and while we can transform and obtain the properties of certain species, it is only temporary. So, drinking their blood won't change our blood."

It was weird enough that the dragons were part of the system instead of just a tool to massacre several species, but it was even weirder that they don't have certain system features. Regardless, that wasn't Ryan's problem. So, he just focused on thinking of what he should do with those status points. His power had reached a point where he probably could kill in one shot a T-rex, so for the time being, in terms of offensive power, Ryan was fine. Thanks to it, he decided to put those points into recovery in order to reach his goal of having a right arm at all times. Without wasting any more time, Ryan decided to check his new skill and status on the bonfire. Even though he didn't touch the flames, they obeyed him just when his hands began to feel the fire a bit more intensively. For a while, Ryan made a fireball the size of a baseball fly around him, and his skill reached level three before his mana could become empty.

"I can do that too," Alissa said.

Instead of using the campfire, Alissa created a fireball of her head's size, and then it made a spin around the area. The fireball illuminated the place, and Ryan saw that he was in some sort of grove, but he couldn't quite recognize the place aside from that.

"Well, I can't feel that proud since this is the power that I inherited from Orgar," Alissa said. "I feel like I should hunt some monsters too and learn some skills by myself, but he gave me all the skills I could try to learn by myself of by using tomes."

"Is that so" Ryan said.

That only showed how powerful Orgar was, but that only put more doubts inside Ryan's mind. Apparently, he sacrificed his body to reside as a spirit inside Alissa. Since humans weren't that strong, he also sacrificed a fair part of his power it didn't make any sense from Ryan's perspective from a dragon to do that. Love at first sight? Respect for someone who tried hard to live despite the situation? The wish to practice his parenting skills? Ryan had no idea what his motive was

"If you don't mind, I would like to sleep for a bit," Alissa said. "Can you stay on guard duty? Transforming into a dragon is quite tiring."

" Sure," Ryan frowned.

Alissa sure was relaxed, or just stupidly nave since she laid her back against a tree, and after a few seconds, she was already snoring. For the good or the worse, he owed her, so Ryan had to help with her mission. Still, he had to take most of the situation to help himself.

"I guess I need to repair my equipment. I almost broke my bow in that fight considering that the Blacksmith class didn't level up, I guess that will only happen when I use the skills related to the class."

It took a while since Ryan decreased the durability of the weapon quite a bit, but in the end, his bow was back in shape, and he also confirmed his theory by leveling up Repair two times since his Blacksmith class had leveled up. Thanks to that, Ryan had an idea that using Repair and Auto-Production to make his arrows wasn't that efficient, but what if he could use some weapons like the Flame Sword as throwable projectiles then repair them after some fights? The effects of weapons like that would stack up while damaging his foes, and he would be able to level up the Blacksmith class faster than he was supposed to.

"Yes I already can see how my fighting style will look like in the future. This might be even more interesting than I thought."

While Ryan was smiling to himself and making some preparations, he never imagined that Orgar was keeping an eye on him. His future while working with those suddenly looked much more obscure.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1