Chapter 1005: Final Battle (16)

Chapter 1005: Final Battle (16)

"What was that?" Ryan frowned when he saw the weird-looking distortion in the space slowly disappearing.

"That is a spatial distortion that connects this reality to the void," Merlin replied. "Don't get even close to it, that is like a dead dimension. Magic doesn't work there. I have been trying to study the differences from this to our one, but I have too little data to realize anything. If you get in there, I won't be able to help you."

Ryan wasn't expecting help coming from Merlin anyway, but he thanked them for the warning. That didn't seem like the underworld where Thanatos and Hades would have the power to do as they see fit it seemed like a real dimension where souls turn into nothing. Quite the scary place and to think that Ryan and Lucifer's attacks caused that

While Ryan looked pretty scared, Lucifer looked excited at the result of the demonstration of his own power. Now that Ryan thought about it, his physical attacks also connected the reality to the Void, but that probably was the first time he saw such an open route to the Void.

"Let's see it seems I am not ready yet," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

The demons prepared to surround Ryan once again. The original Lucifer began to create another Dark Sun with a smile on his face it seemed like he was going to practice the greatest and most exciting sport in the universe with that smile on. His face

Ryan didn't have time for that, so he summoned a replica of himself. Naturally, Lucifer frowned. What was he expecting to accomplish with a single replica? Unless he wanted to use it to protect himself from the attack, it was essentially useless. Ryan and the replica used Teleport and then appeared at the same time behind Lucifer. Thanks to that, he didn't know which one was the original anymore.

The demons quickly approached to stop the two, but they were bombarded by arrows. While neither of them was killed, those two managed to slow them down, and then they punched Lucifer's back. The creature was sent flying forward, but he still managed to fire the dark sun toward them. Ryan didn't have time to counterattack, so both of them were engulfed by the massive attack. However, while their presence disappeared, Lucifer knew that Ryan wasn't dead. One of his replicas began to lose its dexterity at an alarming rate, and then he found Ryan and another replica above the battlefield.

"How meaningless what are you hoping to accomplish by doing this?" Lucifer asked.

"Just wait and you will see," Ryan replied.

Lucifer's main body grew in size again, and now he was one hundred meters tall. Considering his current presence, Ryan wondered if he could survive even a single punch of that. He had become so stronger that it seemed that the space was cracking around him

"it seems that his pride makes him wish for direct confrontations to determine who is the strongest," Ryan thought. "That would explain why he is so pissed when I am only relying on cheap tricks to make him waste his mana and gather more for myself."

Lucifer raised his arms, and again and by the look in his eyes, Ryan assumed that he would use everything in his power to kill Ryan with the next attack. That was a great chance to use Wolf's Greed, but the replicas began to fly around to prevent him from using that. Sometimes they even used Teleport. That wouldn't be a problem if Ryan could use Wolf's Greed alongside Time Skip, but he couldn't.

Ryan didn't use that until now, but it seemed that was the best time to use it. He had stored some mana in the previous minutes, so it was the perfect time to use it while Lucifer was preparing his attack. Using Temporal Weaponization, Ryan created several bows and hit all the replicas. Lucifer opened his eyes widely when he saw the effect of those attacks Ryan was stealing all the mana the replicas had, and before they could free themselves, Ryan stole all of their mana.

This time, it had been Lucifer's turn seeing Ryan with an aura loaded with mana that made the space around him vibrate and distort to think that little human would use his power against Lucifer again it was really time to end things.

Lucifer made all the replicas move to his side, and then he began to absorb them. That was something Ryan didn't expect it seemed that Lucifer had outsmarted his outsmarting as silly as that sounded. Lucifer grew in size again, and for the first time, Ryan heard Merlin gulp.

"Well, it was good to know you, Ryan," Merlin said.

"I can't say the same thing" Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan was finally out of ideas. He didn't know what to do to counter Lucifer's last power-up. Maybe if he goes back in time and when Ryan considered that. He noticed that he had another option, he could use the bow on his left hand. It's not like he had originally planned Ryan approached the bow to his head, and then he used Weapon Assimilation.

Congratulations! The skill Legendary Archery has reached the max level.

Congratulations! The class Angelic Archer has reached the max level.

Congratulations! The skill Arrow Cannon has reached the max level.

Congratulations! The class Draconic Hunter has reached the max level.

Ryan felt the power of every single member of the alliance passing through his body. Not to mention, he gained thousands of status points from the classes from the skills level-ups. Ryan's power-up had been so crazy that even Lucifer looked at it with amazement. However, a large grin suddenly appeared on his face.

"This is it! This is how we should determine who is the strongest of the universe!" Lucifer said in Absolute ecstasy.

"I would rather use my brains or my arrows skillfully instead of this," Ryan said. "Oh, well if it can help make you turn into dust, then I will gladly use it."

Ryan didn't have to use a proper bow to attack, but he still made the same move he always does when he is firing a real arrow. All the energy inside his master manifested in his aura, probably because that was the arrow shot that he wanted to fire

In the end, Lucifer fired a moon-sized dark sun toward Ryan, and Ryan's aura took the shape of an arrow and then flew towards it. The massive explosion caused by their attacks quickly engulfed that whole galaxy and even made the entire universe tremble.

When the vast concentration of mana disappeared. It seemed like a colossal hole suddenly appeared in the cosmos. Countless stars disappeared, and the largest portal that connected the reality to the Void stayed open for three months, and then it eventually closed, but no one left it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1