Chapter 706: Duplicate

Chapter 706: Duplicate

Although it was a fire dragon that could use powerful long-ranged attacks, the creature dashed at Ryan and Femradiel with its arms wide open and pointing toward Ryan's heart. Ryan recalled the words that Orgar told him once before cursed dragons want power above anything else. They will do anything to obtain it. Even hunting other dragons to obtain dragon hearts

When the creature got close enough, Ryan used Draconic Transformation and then punched the creature. His attack merely stopped the charge of the monster, and that was odd. According to his memories, the fire dragon was much weaker. According to his memories It seemed like Thanatos played with those two souls after reviving them. Ryan killed them after they became a cursed dragon, after all.

The cursed dragon grabbed Ryan's arms and then put his legs on Ryan's chest in order to rip them apart. That was some crazy level of madness Still, before the creature could finish its attack, Ryan fired the bolts of his Holy Crossbow on the face of the beast. At first, the monster tried to resist the attacks. Still, the creature, since it was a zombie and also was a cursed dragon, holy magic caused more damage than acid sulfuric could cause directly to its face.

The creature tried to run away, but now it was Ryan's turn to grab the monster's arm. He opened his mouth and used Ice Breath. This time, Ryan didn't cause much damage, but he slowed down the creature who was trying to run away. The cursed dragon also opened his mouth, but instead of the usual flames, black flames came out from its mouth.

Both draconic breaths collided, and the air in the area began to change. Ryan was magically more powerful, but the cursed factor on the fire dragon made its attack stronger. Ryan began to lose the trade, even though he still was bombarding the face of the monster. In the end, Ryan let the creature go and then teleported to high into the sky.

"This might take a while," Femradiel, who only watched the fight until now, said. "Still, you shouldn't rush. Use this chance to level up some classes."

"I already know that," Ryan said.

Ryan couldn't use the tactics he had prepared against Thanatos on the cursed dragon. Thanatos was making him fight against the cursed dragon to do precisely that, after all. In any case, it seemed that Femradiel didn't want to help for some reason. Maybe it was because the enemy was another dragon, or perhaps it was due to some other reason.

The cursed dragon suddenly charged toward Ryan again. Still, Ryan teleported and surprised the enemy by punching its face with six arms. This time, the enemy felt the attack since Ryan activated Concentrated Strike and also enchanted his arms with Holy Enchantment.

Before the monster could recover from the shock, Ryan teleported again and then punched the beast from behind. For a while, he played with the cursed dragon as if he was a volleyball. However, Ryan stopped when he felt an ominous presence behind him, and another cursed dragon showed up.

"It seems one is not good enough for you, so I will duplicate your fun," Thanatos said.

Ryan clenched his teeth in annoyance. To think that Thanatos could revive cursed dragons that easily or maybe he just has a stock of them. If there were many cursed dragons, Ryan and Femradiel should have met some, and yet they didn't. So, most likely, Thanatos took his time corrupting that one as well.

Soon Ryan came to learn that teleporting around wouldn't be useful against the second dragon because when he tried to attack the enemy from behind, he also moved away by teleporting. If he were to attack one of them carelessly, the other would use the chance to kill Ryan.

Both dragons flew toward Ryan at the same time, one decided to attack the front, and the other decided to attack his back. However, Ryan slowed down both of them by activating Niffelheim. The cold began to damage their bodies as it slowed them down. Ryan hurried to finish them off since that skill cost him a massive amount of mana, but before he could attack any of them, they opened their mouths and spit the dark flames again.

Ryan escaped by teleporting to above, but in the end, he also freed the enemies from the effects of Niflheim. As expected, fighting two cursed dragons won't be easy if he relies only on ordinary attacks. Ryan's impatience was growing since he wanted to fight Thanatos and deal with him once and for all.

In the end, Ryan took a deep breath to calm down. Nothing good would come by letting the blood rush to his head if his attacks, even in his draconic form, weren't enough, he just had to improvise, and Ryan had a few ideas on how to do that already.

After creating two massive Ice Spears, Ryan touched the projectiles and fired them at the cursed dragons. The creatures didn't even try to dodge the attacks, they only used their breath to melt the projectiles, and they succeeded. However, for some reason, they failed at making the ice turn into water and then steam. The water fell on them, and it began to burn their bodies.

Before they could recover from the shock, Ryan teleported toward the first dragon, who was screaming in agony while being burned by the holy water. Ryan had enchanted his spears with holy magic, and that was why even their breaths failed at stopping the liquid. Ryan grabbed the mouth of the first dragon and then forcefully opened it. The creature tried to use the Dark Fire Breath. Still, Ryan prevented it by firing multiple Acid Arrows that exploded in the monster's head, and then the creature was forced to swallow massive amounts of acid.

When the second dragon recovered from the surprise attack, the first was about to fall. The creature teleported to attack Ryan, but then it was almost split in half when suddenly, a massive dark sword appeared on Ryan's hands.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1