Chapter 708: Hercules' Descendant

Chapter 708: Hercules' Descendant

It didn't take long for Ryan to feel worried about his mana. Since Dracula was focused only on stealing it, his speed was insane. Still, attacking him while ignoring Alfur wasn't a good idea. While Ryan was expecting an opening, he couldn't help but wonder How come Dracula was summoned as a zombie, but Poseidon wasn't? Although that seemed a bit crazy, it wouldn't be weird if Thanatos could turn him into a zombie if he had the chance to do so. Both of their souls had been sealed in weapons, so that didn't make any sense. Unless

"Hey, Femradiel," Ryan said. "How come Thanatos managed to summon Dracula as a zombie?"

"I have a few hypotheses, but all of them seemed a bit crazy," Femradiel replied. "The true Dracula still is sealed inside that crossbow, but that one was brought back as a zombie anyway by using the memories of his vampires. A lot of them died, so it wouldn't be weird if Thanatos used their souls to do that."

Thanatos was the god of death, so it wouldn't be weird if he had that kind of ability, but considering that, what were their chances of defeating someone who can make people join his zombie army like that? Regardless, even if Femradiel was right Why did Thanatos not do the same with Poseidon? Probably because even his powers have limits

Eventually, Ryan's pool reached the bottom, and he was unable to keep Shapeshifting active. His mana recovery was only enough to keep him flying, and even Dracula couldn't make him fall. Unless he uses his Gravity again Still, Ryan decided to fight on ground level.

As soon as Ryan landed, Alfur landed as well, and he used that chance to use the power of his legs to charge at him. Thanks to his physical strength, the difference of his charge while flying and while on the ground were leagues away from one another. Even in his draconic form, Ryan was pushed dozens of meters with a single body slam, and the bones of his arms began to crack when he protected himself against them. Thanatos couldn't help but frown at that behavior since he knew how resourceful Ryan was.

Alfur decided to charge at Ryan again, and this time Dracula decided to focus on stealing his health. Even though Ryan had a massive amount of health with his draconic form, he wouldn't only last for a second or so if Dracula tries his best. Still, Ryan didn't show any concern.

When Alfur attacked Ryan with another body slam, he was greeted with a powerful punch. The Nordic warrior couldn't help but smile as he heard Ryan's bones cracking, but in the end, he didn't see a single drop of blood falling, nor did he saw a single wound on Ryan's right hand. All thanks to his Vampirism and Bloodthirsty. Thanks to his increased strength in draconic form, Ryan recovered a massive amount of health. This amount would take a while even for Dracula to steal.

"So, that is how it is" Thanatos muttered under his breath.

Alfur wouldn't retreat and just wait for Dracula to finish the job, and Dracula wouldn't get in Alfur's way. Ryan knew that, and it was using it against them. Still, that would only let things stay at a stalemate. Unless Ryan decides to use one of his crazy ideas.

Thanatos waited and waited for Ryan to show one of those tricks, but he didn't do anything. He only attacked when Alfur attacked, and he didn't hesitate even when the sound of his bones cracking echoed in the area. That was odd, but what was really bizarre was the fact that Femradiel wasn't helping, and Ryan wasn't using his arrows or any long-ranged attacks. Ryan did that for exactly five minutes, and then he smirked.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Champion, Iron, and Fist? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Hercules' Descendant. You learned the skills: Nemean Rage, Semi-Divinity, and Hercules' Valor. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Nemean Rage.

Effect: It increases all of your physical attributes by one hundred points per level and per second when active.

Cost: 500 health, 500 mana, and 500 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Semi-Divinity.

Effect: It decreases the effect of attacks that possess a high level of divinity by a percentage and one thousand points of damage per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hercules' Valor.

Effect: It completely nullifies the negative effects of beings who don't possess any divinity against you.

Cost: 200 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Mmm, I guess this will do," Ryan said.

Ryan's presence changed, and Thanatos couldn't help but frown when he felt that the human in front of him suddenly gained a decent amount of divinity. That wasn't supposed to be possible Humans shouldn't be able to gain that kind of power. While Thanatos could tell that Ryan had some skills that could cause damage to elder gods, he imagined that his level of divinity was for being close to a relic or something the like.

"How is this possible?" Thanatos asked in shock.

That level of power still was laughable, but if humans could gain that power just by fighting, then they were far greater of a threat than Thanatos had assumed. While Thanatos was in shock, Ryan activated Nemean Rage. While the bonus in his attributes was small, he made Alfur fly over dozens of meters with a single punch. That wasn't something he should be able to do. Was it due to his newfound power or a change in his attitude? No one could tell.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1