Chapter 705: They Are Back

Chapter 705: They are back

"I get the feeling that swinging around a chain doesn't suit you," Femradiel said.

After succeeding in sealing all the zombies that attacked them, Femradiel said that. In any case, the chain got pretty powerful after the souls of 123 humans were put there. Just as they expected, Thanatos stopped sending zombies after them once he realized what Ryan was planning. Since he arrived in that depressing world for the first time, Ryan felt like smiling while imagining Thanatos worried face.

"Did the presence that you felt earlier decreased in size?" Ryan asked.

"No," Femradiel replied.

That was weird perhaps Thanatos wasn't planning to use the zombies to annoy Ryan while he approaches. Still, using them in the last fight seemed a bit risky. It wasn't like Ryan needed much time to seal several of them. Perhaps he was planning to break the chains before using them again. That was a pain in the ass, but Ryan decided to cover all the links with a thick layer of crystal. Each link was as big as him, so that cost him a few hours.

During the whole time that Ryan was working, Femradiel was meditating. It was weird since she didn't need mana. She doesn't look like someone who comes up with crazy plans for that kind of fight as well. So, Ryan couldn't help but wonder what she was thinking. In the end, she stopped the very moment Ryan finished his preparations.

After flying toward the right direction for a few more minutes, eventually, both of them finally found a single building standing in that depressing world. As expected, it was a castle. A castle not made of stone or anything similar but a castle made with the same dark crystal that the zombies' weapons and armor had. It was a mysterious castle since the throne was located right in front of it. On the left side of the throne, Ryan saw a massive hole on the ground that Ryan felt shivers just by looking at it.

Sitting on the throne, Ryan and Femradiel found a man wearing dark crystal armor that emanated a purple glow. The man itself looked like a figure who came out from a painting. His whole body and face looked unnaturally well-designed. His dark hair was also shining like his armor. The most impressive thing about his appearance was the dark eyes, eyes dark like the sky of that world, and yet, there was that strange glow that made them look almost transparent.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Although he was wearing armor and his presence was powerful enough to make even Ryan sweat cold, he didn't have a weapon. As if that wasn't weird enough, there wasn't a single zombie around him. However, suddenly, all the remaining fragments of Ryan's parent's souls appeared. Then Thanatos smiled before snapping his fingers and then making all of them explode.

Ryan's made went blank. Never has he felt so angry before. He never felt the wish to brutally murder someone like that. Not even Poseidon that captured Femradiel. When Ryan calmed down, he noticed that Femradiel had stopped him with the chains he had made to defeat Thanatos. Thanks to her, he calmed down a little bit, but Ryan still felt like something inside his head might snap at any moment.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

Suddenly, the fragments resumed their physical form as if nothing had happened, but then Thanatos repeated the same tactic all over again. Those weren't the bodies of his parents. Still, just the idea that they might be suffering even a little bit by enduring that made Ryan's heart race in an irregular rhythm.

"It is a trap, dumbass," Femradiel said. "Don't fall for it. Resist it and win the fight. This will be the best way to obtain your revenge. You are just enraged, but that doesn't mean you lost your brain."

"You think that you can win?" Thanatos suddenly said, his voice was filled with contempt.

"The real question should be: where can we do it?" Femradiel asked. "You lured us out here because you feared that you couldn't win a direct fight on Earth. Still, it is not like I can't understand you. After all, this will be a two on one fight. Someone like you wouldn't ask another elder god for help. For that same reason, you are trying so desperately to make him mad."

"Your assumptions are interesting, dragon woman," Thanatos said. "I only did what I did for the fun of it. I didn't fight you guys on Earth because neither of my dungeons reached the max level, and I am not in a hurry."

"Say what you want, but you are going down today," Femradiel said.

"Let's enjoy this moment for a while longer. It is not every day that I find a human being worth of killing," Thanatos smiled. "It is rare nowadays to find a newbie that can have skills with a high level of divinity and even has an extremely high level of corruption as well. Let me see what will happen if your vessel turns into a Cursed Dragon."

Even Femradiel couldn't help but get annoyed at this point. Forget being taken seriously, Thanatos reached a level where he was trying to experiment with Ryan just for the fun of it. Make a human who has draconic powers become as angry as possible and see what happens

Before any of them could say anything, suddenly, a dark-red dragon appeared between them and Thanatos. Even Femradiel got caught off guard since the zombie dragon also looked like a cursed one. The creature screamed in anger and agony, and amidst all that noise, Ryan recognized that dragon it was the first dragon that had a human partner that Ryan defeated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1