Chapter 702: Word Creation

Chapter 702: Word Creation

After making sure that his new domain was well guarded, Ryan left it two days after defeating Dracula. The new domain was big enough. Since it had even more dungeons than the other one, Ryan was confident that it would bring Ryan a decent amount of income. Speaking of income, Ryan was wondering what he should buy with the coins that he had.

"Any ideas about what I should buy, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"How about a new brain?" Femradiel asked.

"I didn't think you would need a new one so soon," Ryan shrugged.

"It is for you!" Femradiel shouted.

After checking the dungeon shop for a while, Ryan found some pretty interesting skills. Putting aside their cost in coins, their costs in mana was just insane.

Mind Creation Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to create a new mind on yourself or on others that can be used to do other things while the main mind is occupied. When this skill reaches higher levels, you can edit the new minds as you see fit.

Cost: 100.000 mana

Price: 250.000.000 coins.

Life Magic Tome

Effect: it grants you the power to give life to several types of things according to the level of the skill.

Cost: 50.000 mana

Price: 250.000.000

It was weird that the shop showed Ryan tomes that he could use only on draconic form since his mana pool increased exponentially in that form. Regardless, those skills seemed useful, as they seemed dangerous. It took Ryan quite a while for him to think of some ways to use those skills, probably because he wasn't that creative in the first place. In any case, it was that type of crazy skill that he needed to defeat Thanatos.

While those seemed pretty awesome, they would take a long time to be useful, and Ryan's creativity was also a limitation for them. Fortunately, Ryan found a skill that even someone as dumb as him could use well at low levels.

Word Creation Tome.

Effect: it grants you the power to create things by using a commanding voice. To create complex things, this skill will need to be at a higher level. The objects created also can only last for a while based on the level of the skill. The more complex the object, the more mana will be used to make it.

Price: 250.000.000 coins.

"This one seems interesting," Ryan said.

"Explain to me what type of thing you can create with this skill that you can't create using the other elements," Femradiel said.

"Let's see how about this?" Ryan asked. "Steel grenade."

Ryan didn't hesitate in buying the tome and learning the skill. After that, he created one of those steel grenades that he used against the Reptilians. One that could explode after touching anything and then would fire dozens of needles in all directions.

"Although this is something that I can create with the skills I already had, it takes too much time," Ryan added. "As for what I couldn't create and now I can Crystal Arrow."

In the end, a crystal arrow indeed appeared in front of Ryan. That certainly wasn't one thing he could create before. However, since the skill worked, Ryan realized he could, but he didn't find the right way to do it.

Ryan noticed that the arrow was strangely sharp. Even against his skin, it pierced quickly almost as if it had no resistance. Maybe it was one of the effects of that type of material. The more challenging the target, the more damage it will cause. In any case, that consumed five hundred points of Ryan's mana and only lasted for ten seconds.

"Although it isn't absolute, this type of skill almost reaches a god-like level, since it can create things so fast and so easily," Femradiel said. "It is a pity that I can't be used to creating weapons."

Ryan realized that it was only natural since Ryan's creations couldn't last forever. Even if he uses Seal, Ryan doubted that it was a problem that could be solved so easily. Regardless, after a couple of hours, Ryan and Femradiel arrived at their domain and confirmed that things were the same as always. At that point in time, it looked like all the elder gods, dungeon masters, and demon generals were playing it by ear. They didn't want to expose themselves, even though they could show up on Earth, even though the vast majority of them will only be able to return in the following weeks.

"Despite his caution, Poseidon was too prideful and that is why he was the first to fall," Ryan said. "If he had stayed on his planet, he wouldn't have died probably. Still, he decided to help his allies by taking his chances."

In any case, Ryan decided to resume research, but he had no idea where to go. Ryan and Femradiel had searched through most parts of the world, and unless Thanatos' dungeon is in some island in the middle of the ocean, the chances of his place being found were close to none. In the end, Ryan could only use the Specters' dungeon, even though it was dangerous since Thanatos would be waiting for Ryan to use that entrance to his world.

Before doing anything hastily, Ryan decided to take a break and come up with new types of attacks. Thanks to Word Creation, his options increased quite a lot, but Ryan couldn't wait that long in the end. Not when his parents' souls were under Thanatos' control.

In the end, Ryan decided to prepare using all the crazy ideas he had in just a few hours. The plan of killing the god of death from the Greek mythology was insane from the very beginning, so why not let the fight become even more chaotic by using those crazy ideas?

In order to be able to respond and react based on the enemy and Ryan's actions, Femradiel watched Ryan throughout those few hours of preparation. Although Ryan usually uses a lot more time to prepare, she still was confident in the ideas he had. Still, there was one problem: Ryan only focused on the offense.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1