Chapter 714: Help

Chapter 714: Help

In the last moment, Femradiel increased the firing speed of Poseidon's trident by activating Ryan's Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim. As if that wasn't enough, she also used all her mana to cover it with ice. Much to her surprise, when the trident hit Thanatos' scythe, it wasn't split in half. It actually made his scythe move backward and made him lose some of the momentum.

Something inside Ryan changed at that moment. Instead of using his arms, he opened his mouth and then used the Dark Ice Breath. Another explosion occurred, and once again, that entire world began to tremble.

When Femradiel woke up, she saw a red sky above her. Somehow, the impact made her lose consciousness. Not, it was the massive explosion of mana regardless, the sky wasn't only red. It was also making lightning bolts like raindrops. It was the same thing that happened when Ryan and Poseidon fought.

"Ouch, ouch what the hell happened?" Ryan asked.

Femradiel finally realized that she was inside Ryan in his human form. Although his body was a mess, full of fractures and covered in blood, he was alive and completely sane.

"Somehow, you finally woke up, huh," Femradiel said. "Did you sleep well, sleeping beauty?"

"The hell are you talking about? We were fighting Thanatos. I wouldn't have time to" Ryan said, and then he felt a massive headache. "Ugh, my head is killing me anyway. Are we on the same planet? This looks more hellish than that depressing world."

In the end, before Ryan and Femradiel could talk for a while longer, they suddenly felt Thanatos presence approaching. It was different from before, and this time they could feel his anger. Still, he sure was taking his time approaching.

When they saw Thanatos, they couldn't believe their eyes. Thanatos was holding his scythe and Poseidon's trident. However, he looked as beat down as Ryan. One could see with their own eyes the wounds in his body healing, but it was too slow considering the level of power of Thanatos. As if that wasn't enough, his wounds were emanating a weird miasma.

"Now you have done it" Thanatos said. "To think that a human would make me look like this I will use your words: you won't have a peaceful death; I will deny you of that relief. You will be my stress relief toy for all eternity."

"Free me from this, Thanatos," Poseidon suddenly said. "Grant me a temporary body, and I will help you."

"Shut up," Thanatos said. "Who needs help to crush a single worm?"

Femradiel began to use mana potions on Ryan's body in order to build enough mana to repair her body and return. Even though he said that she didn't want to give any chances for them to team up, that would be that worst-case scenario. In any case, it was really weird that Poseidon could communicate with the outside world using his trident. Ryan and Femradiel never felt his presence while the weapon was in their hands...

"Hey, Femradiel," Ryan said. "Why does that asshole look so beat up? Who was the motherfucker who interfered in my fight?"

"I will explain later, first focus on defeating him while you can," Femradiel replied. "His wounds aren't healing fast enough for some reason, so this is the perfect chance to kill him."

Ryan was confused and angry, but in the end, he ended up following Femradiel's advice. He always does it lately. Regardless, after using Draconic Transformation, Ryan felt the anger inside him growing, and he became lightheaded. He also noticed that the blue scales became details on his body, and now he was mostly covered in dark scales. That seemed like trouble, but in the end, it was trouble for later.

Ryan didn't charge mindlessly like before. Instead of that, he fired with his magic bows. Thana easily deflected them as he swung his scythe and flew toward Ryan. That was odd. He wasn't using his powers as the god of death for some reason. Still, despite his wounds, he was much faster than Ryan.

When Thanatos got close enough to slice Ryan's throat, he found a thick Ice Armor blocking his path. Ryan used all his mana to block that single attack, all in order for him to finally have the chance to use some of the things he prepared for the fight. At that distance, Ryan summoned from his spatial storage dozens of crystal arrows. Thanatos blocked them, but some arrows made of solidified sunlight still flew toward Thanatos after they broke. They hit him, and his body began to emit steam. It seemed he disliked sunlight as well

The damage caused made Thanatos tremble, so Ryan and Femradiel used that chance to recover the trident. They covered Thanatos's left side with ice with all their might and then pulled away from the weapon. Much to their surprise, Thanatos didn't even resist.

"Thanatos, you bastard" Poseidon said.

"Be thankful that I didn't leave you behind," Thanatos said, looking completely calm. "Elder gods like you always looked down on elder gods like me who lived in places like the underworld. Besides, I don't want to defeat a handicapped human, and there wouldn't be any meaning in doing that."

It seemed that despite all that fight, Thanatos still didn't want to leave his pride go. When Ryan stored Poseidon's trident away, Thanatos swung his spear. Even though Ryan was so far away, he still felt the danger for his life. It was almost equal to the sensation he had when Thanatos used Death Manipulation to cause damage instantly and from a safe distance. However, the attack was now much more concentrated.

Ryan and Femradiel created a massive Ice Wall in front of him, and Ryan also put his arms in front of his pace. Still, the ice wall was easily destroyed, and the scales on his body were easily cut. Ryan began to bleed deeply from his arms. As if that wasn't troublesome enough, Thanatos was already preparing another swing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1