Chapter 717: Same As Always

Chapter 717: Same as always

When Ryan and Femradiel returned to their domain, they found things in the same way they left. It was surprising given that they spend more or less two days in Thanatos' world. It was a pity that Ryan didn't obtain control over his domain, but not everything was bad news. Now the specters dungeon could reach the max level, and Ryan didn't have to worry about their leader invading his turf.

"Whatever, I am tired of worrying about their lack of action," Ryan said.

"It seems you returned from a pretty crazy adventure," Isis suddenly said.

"Why can't we have a single moment of peace alone?" Femradiel asked and then sighed.

"My apologies, if I am getting in the way of something, I can talk with you two later," Isis said. "I just wanted to confirm what you did in Thanatos' world and inform you of a few things about the lack of actions coming from the elder gods."

"It is fine, we are listening," Ryan said. "The plan was to look for intel while relaxing and there is nothing more relaxing than obtaining information for free."

"Not quite, we will be exchanging information here," Isis said. "Your smell changed once again you have Thanatos' scent into you as the scent of corruption. May I ask what happened and why you went to face Thanatos without asking for help?"

"It was due to some personal matters," Ryan replied.

Ryan decided to explain what happened in Thanatos' world. He had no reason not to since Isis was going to answer one of the things that have been bothering him quite a lot lately. Ryan also learned that he began to smell like them by defeating Poseidon and Thanatos, probably because of the classes and the weapons he obtained. That smell wasn't coming from his body but from his mana pool.

"Some of us assumed that we could obtain the power of other elder gods by defeating them, but we didn't imagine humans could as well," Isis said. "It is weaker inside you, but it seems it is growing steadily."

"That means someday I will become as good as controlling the seas and death just like Poseidon and Thanatos?" Ryan asked.

"It is possible, I guess," Isis replied. "I don't know for sure what will happen once a human made of flesh bones obtains that much power. Still, you should be fine since you stink like corruption, but you still are sane."

"Stink like corruption?" Ryan frowned.

"It is another figure of speech" Isis replied. "At this point in time, there is no point in denying since you used that to defeat Thanatos, but corruption is kind of poisonous to us and we can detect it pretty easily since we hate it. Anyway, only a few creatures managed to cause trouble to us by relying on corruption and not a single one of them managed to recover themselves from that state. I wonder if it is because of your level of divinity, or if it is because you have a small portion of Poseidon's power."

"We can talk about those possibilities later, I want to know about the information you came to give me," Ryan said.

"All right thanks to your friend, Alissa, the elder gods decided to focus their attention on a certain planet," Isis said. "She inherited many skills of the dragon she was working with, many skills and some valuable knowledge. After dealing with the dragons of a certain planet, she learned how to read their words. Her powers for some reason increased manifold once she learned that and then found a portal to another world that was being used by some elder gods. It is a world that had many dragons' centuries ago, but the elder gods defeated them and now are using them to strengthen their soldiers and to mine a certain magical ore."

"Another type of magical ore?" Ryan frowned.

"That is right, it is called mithril, and it is two levels above Elunium and Oridecon," Isis replied. "It is a magic ore that only appears in worlds that have massive levels of mana, or many inhabitants that have that. I assume it is about to show up on Earth thanks to people like you, but finding it might take a while. Mithril can turn into absurd powerful weapons or pieces of armor since it is basically an ore that appears when concentrations of mana gather in a single place. Even elder gods want as much as they do of that ore. Speaking of which, Thanatos' Scythe and Poseidon Trident are made of mithril."

"Really? It doesn't look like that," Ryan said.

"Since it is an item that enhances magic powers, that would explain why Poseidon managed to communicate with Thanatos," Isis said. "After being used by them for thousands of years, those weapons absorbed so much of their mana, that they even absorbed their wills and copied a part of their souls."

That was irrelevant, but the fact that mithril was the metal that created those god-like weapons was a valuable piece of information. After all, according to Femradiel, those weapons withstood being in the center of massive explosions that made the entire world tremble. It was no wonder the elder gods wanted that ore perhaps the demon generals were also involved.

"Who are the elder gods directly involved in that world?" Ryan asked.

"Well, that is a difficult question," Isis replied. "Perhaps less than twenty elder gods have direct access to that world, but the vast majority are standing by to help in case Alissa causes something that will break the balance of power between those twenty. They are working together to obtain the mithril for themselves, but their real allies might help if a fight breaks out."

"All of them?" Ryan frowned. "It is not surprising that mithril is that rare, but how many planets are out there again? Considering that and how long-lived the elder gods are, I imagined they could have found more than a few since the age of gods."

"We found, but we lost those worlds," Isis replied. "As I said, everyone is willing to fight to obtain mithril, and considering your experience fighting Poseidon and Thanatos, you can imagine what might happen to the planet when three or four elder gods decide to fight."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1