Chapter 716: Absolute Death Crossbow

Chapter 716: Absolute Death Crossbow

Absolute Death Crossbow (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using the crossbow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods. At the cost of five hundred points of mana, it grants you the power to damage any enemy that you can see. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity, and other skills and equipment can't affect the damage caused. This crossbow doesn't fire projectiles, but certain skills can block the damage.

Dexterity + 2400, Intelligence + 600, Speed + 600

Durability: 1200/1200

You obtained 296.475.777 coins.

Congratulations! For defeating Thanatos, you have become a Level one Death Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Death Sense, Soul Manipulation, and Soul Armor.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Death Sense.

Effect: It grants the power to sense when you are about to be attacked by an attack that most likely will you. For each level of this skill, you will be alerted of the danger 0.1 seconds before the attack.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Soul Manipulation.

Effect: It grants the power to control the souls of the creatures you killed and use them to heal yourself or curse your enemies.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Soul Armor.

Effect: It grants you the power to use souls to create an armor that will protect you against all kinds of attacks, with the exception of divine or corrupt attacks.

You obtained 01 status points.

"To think that I would be defeated by a human" Thanatos muttered. "I have brought shame to the name of the elder gods."

"You weren't the first," Ryan said. "Still, you weren't defeated by a single human. You lost to a human and a troublesome female dragon."

"While I am happy to receive my credits, your words still annoy me," Femradiel said.

"Still, to think that I would receive a class by defeating Thanatos as well," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "This system is starting to make me doubt many things"

"What? You obtained a class just by defeating me?" Thanatos asked, visibly surprised. "I knew that something was off with you"

Ryan decided to ignore Thanatos since his surprise was anything but worrisome. It looked like that kind of thing was unexpected, even from an elder god's perspective. Regardless, that was trouble for another time. Ryan still had to free the souls of his parents.

Hunter's Heart

Effect: It grants an additional damage of one percent per minute when fighting against the same opponent, up to one hundred percent.

Dexterity + 1000, intelligence + 1000.

Durability: 500/500

Sorcerer's Soul (03%)

Effect: It grants an additional magic damage of one percent per minute when fighting against the same opponent, up to one hundred percent.

Dexterity + 1000, intelligence + 1000.

Durability: 500/500

"I am sorry for taking it so long to free you both," Ryan closed his eyes and then smiled while he was holding both crossbows. "Once this all is over, and I am sure that no one will be able to torment you, I will free you both."

Mission accomplished, and Ryan finally felt that the fighting he has been doing over the course of the year finally had some meaning. After healing his wounds, Ryan helped Femradiel fix her body and then return. It was kind of weird to use a body that died a few hours ago, but in the end, neither of them was bound by common sense.

Thanatos' Scythe

Effect: it grants you the power to look for the souls of the fallen to bring them back to life and fight as your minions.

Intelligence + 7.000, Strength + 7.000, Speed + 7.000, Dexterity + 7.000 Willpower + 7.000, Recovery + 7.000

(Only the god of death can use this weapon to its utmost limits.)

Durability: 10.000/ 10.000

In the end, everything happened all over again. Ryan gained one hell of a weapon that had some crazy restrictions. Still, storing it and trying to use it later was better than nothing.

"Let's leave this shit hole," Ryan said.

While they were flying toward the portal, Femradiel told Ryan what happened. The things that happened while he was being controlled by anger and hatred.

"So, in the end, Thanatos tried to use his anger against me, and that worked in my favor to decrease the effects of the corruption on my mind?" Ryan asked.

"That is my theory anyway," Femradiel replied. "Still, you are not entirely free from the corruption. Your vision was getting blurred because the anger was taking your mind again, and that was why your Ice Breath changed and became strong enough to damage even Thanatos. You reached a level of corruption that even affected Thanatos' body I guess that proves that not only divinity can cause damage to the elder gods. Anyway, to think that you would become that mad for me I knew that you wouldn't resist my charms for so long."

"Don't flatter yourself" Ryan said and then sighed. "I would have become enraged if I had seen any of my friends being killed in front of me."

"Not that you have many," Femradiel said.

"Quality over quantity," Ryan said.

"Try to say that while showing your collection of crossbows," Femradiel shrugged.

It was hard to win an argument with Femradiel since she was much more intelligent than him. Regardless, at least that conversation made Ryan relax a little bit. He needed that since his head was filled with anger in the last few days.

"So, what is the next goal?" Femradiel asked.

"Relax as much as possible while gathering some intel," Ryan replied.

"Intel about what?" Femradiel asked.

"About why according to Thanatos, humans have access to certain features of the system that they don't have," Ryan replied. "Well, maybe they have, but since they never killed each other, they didn't know about it. I doubt that we will find some answers any time soon, but anything can be useful. At some point in time, we will have all the pieces of this puzzle."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1