Chapter 719: Four Angels

Chapter 719: Four Angels

"Wait you mentioned Gabriel, didn't you?" Ryan asked. "You mean that Gabriel?"

"Yes, there are found dungeons that are spawning angels, and they are being controlled by the four angels," Loki said. "They are: Gabriel, Michael, Raphael, and Uriel. Michal is in Israel, Raphael and Uriel are guarding two dungeons in the United Kingdom."

"I can understand why they are in the Vatican and Israel, but what are those two doing in the United Kingdom?" Ryan asked.

"Who knows?" Loki asked, and Ryan imagined him shrugging. "They set up a barrier around those islands, a pretty powerful one. I cannot even take a peek at what they are doing there."

"I see Anyway, why do you want Belphegor out of the game?" Ryan asked.

"Who said that I want that?" Loki asked.

"You wouldn't give me such a valuable piece of information, unless he is a problem to you," Ryan said. "Still, if you don't want anything, that is fine with me. I won't have to worry about anything else since it is obvious that you will benefit indirectly from it."

"No, no, no. Let's talk this through," Loki said. "I don't care about Belphegor, but his domain interests me. So, I would like to have it if you succeed in defeating him."

"Why would I give you access to a world where mithril can be found?" Ryan asked.

"Don't be so stingy," Loki said. "Why not help a friend by giving him a gift now and then? If you give me that domain, I swear, on my name as the god of mischief, that I will give you half of all the mithril that I find."

"I am not interested," Ryan replied. "Still, if you want to buy some once, I will start to mine, I can't see why I shouldn't sell it."

" Give me some time, I will prepare a better offer," Loki said.

After hearing that, Ryan felt a bit more relaxed. Loki's eyes probably were no longer on him, and that is why his instincts told him to relax. Anyway, Ryan obtained the information that he wanted a lot sooner than expected, so it seemed that he won't have much time to relax.

"Are you going to depart soon?" Isis asked.

"After preparing a few things," Ryan replied. "I don't know a single thing about Belphegor, so preparation is the key in case anything happens. I also assume that he probably can appear on Earth and I don't want to fight a being like that on this planet."

"I don't have much information regarding him, but Loki has, you could have asked him about it," Isis said.

"I would rather reach my own conclusions after seeing the enemy with my own eyes," Ryan replied. "Come to think of it, Alissa and I fought two of the demon generals hoping to learn why the dragons don't remember anything after coming to Earth and you never asked Isis about it, Femradiel. Did you assume that she wouldn't know?"

"That is right," Femradiel replied.

"Why?" Ryan asked.

"For no particular reason," Femradiel replied.

That sure was weird, but everything regarding Femradiel was weird lately. Since she was rescued, she has been keeping too many secrets Regardless, since Isis didn't refute her, it seemed that her assumptions were correct, and Isis probably didn't have the answers for many of Ryan's questions.

"It seems that every month, new planets become part of this system," Ryan said. "I assumed you created dungeons in many worlds, right?"

"You are correct," Isis replied.

"In how many of those worlds where you created a dungeon, dragons with amnesia showed up?" Ryan asked.

"Not a single one," Isis replied. "I guess it is a good time to talk about this, as you already know, there are dungeons that spawn dragons, but they aren't supposed to appear like that. Not to mention, they were far stronger than any other dragon that was being spawned by dungeons."

"So, someone really summoned them to Earth and that someone also erased their memories," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"I reached that conclusion as well," Isis said.

"You don't have any idea of who that might be, do you?" Ryan asked. "Or what their goal is."

"You are correct," Isis said.

As expected, it looked like some things changed when Earth became a part of this massive game. Considering all the pieces of the puzzle, everyone with half of a brain would notice that Earth was about to become the center of something troublesome that will change everything. Ryan couldn't help but worry since all the big bosses were more worried about strengthening their armies and solidifying their strength instead of fighting one another. Things would be much easier for humans if the dungeon masters just killed each other, but things wouldn't be that convenient.

"It is time for me to go, my dungeon is about to reach the max level and I have many details to adjust," Isis said. "I wish you good luck."

"Thanks for telling me about Alissa," Ryan said.

After saying that, Ryan also felt that he wasn't being watched by Isis, and he finally had some time to think about things. Perhaps trying to help Alissa would only cause more problems in the long run, but Ryan felt that he had to try at least once more. Even though that might make him being hunted by the demon generals as well.

"You will get wrinkles even before you become thirty at this rate, you frown too much," Femradiel said.

Ryan didn't say anything, but perhaps that was for the best. Staying on the offense was better than staying on the defense, at least according to Ryan's preferences. Regardless, after finishing his preparations and checking the domain system, Ryan and Femradiel departed.

Area Lv 27: 75 square miles  Level UP cost: 690.000 coins or 6.900.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 10  Level UP cost: 5.500 coins or 55.000 mana

Barrier Lv 51

Level UP cost: 296.000 coins or 2.960.000 mana

Army Lv 69  Level UP cost: 3.698.000 coins or 36.980.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 379 (23%) Level UP cost: 4.698.000 coins or 46.980.000 mana

Coins stored: 233

Mana stored: 15.633

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1