Chapter 718: The Lazy Demon

Chapter 718: The lazy demon

Total annihilation It looks like the elder gods destroyed many worlds while they fought against themselves over mithril. Alissa probably isn't interested in mithril, but it wouldn't be weird if she decides to pick a fight with those elder gods to rescue the dragons of that world. Just like the elder gods, they are probably one of the more knowledgeable creatures in the cosmos, and they might have the answers that Alissa wants.

"After hearing this, what is your plan?" Isis asked.

"I owe Alissa quite a bit, but I am not sure I can do anything or that she wants my help," Ryan replied. "First of all, the only way I know to follow her is by asking that friend of hers in China and he definitely won't cooperate. Do you have any access to that world?"

"No, they set up a barrier to prevent elder gods from finding," Isis replied. "Seth is one of them, so the chances of me obtaining access to travel there is close to none. Unfortunately, I don't think you will find his real base by using that dungeon near mine in this country. He isn't that careless."

"What about Athena and Loki?" Ryan asked.

"I don't believe Loki has any interest in mining for mithril, instead of that, he would rather fool someone to obtain it," Isis replied. "As for Athena, she was the one who informed me of this situation, and since she didn't mention anything about going to that planet"

"I guess this is it then, I can't do anything for Alissa," Ryan shrugged.

"Aren't you giving up too soon?" Femradiel asked.

"I am not giving up, I am just recognizing that I can't do anything right now for her," Ryan said. "Anyway, is there any news about her becoming a cursed dragon, if she is intending to help the dragons, I don't think that she has become one, but her level of corruption"

"Yes, it is pretty high," Isis replied. "I have some agents infiltrating the first dragon world she visited and they confirmed that she left some high levels of corrupted mana wherever she went. I don't know if you got lucky that you managed to recover yourself, but I don't think that she will have the same luck."

"I bet that she won't need any luck and in some way or another will sort out her feelings after a while," Ryan said. "She was once weak mentally speaking due to the circumstances, but she isn't anymore."

"I also think that but I am worried nonetheless," Femradiel said. "We should try to find a way to go to that planet."

"Elder gods have more resources than us and they failed at finding such a world for who knows how many years" Ryan said and then sighed. "How do you propose that we find this planet?"

"Maybe by defeating a dungeon master that has access to it," Femradiel replied.

"Do you have anyone in mind?" Ryan asked. "I assume that looking for run-of-the-mill dungeon masters will only make us waste time."

Femradiel didn't have an answer for that, and that was weird. They stayed silent for a while, thinking about what they should do, but in the end, nothing came to mind.

"Although I was the one who informed you this out of consideration, I also planned to stay out of this because after killing two Greek elder gods, things will become even more complicated for you two," Isis said. "The very moment any of them lay their eyes on you, they will notice what you did and you will become their single target. It won't be weird if at some point the whole army of Olympus comes to crush your domain. This has become a matter of pride for them."

Femradiel wanted to help Alissa, but those words made her feelings waver. It was quite weird, given that they only met a few times. Regardless, laying low doesn't fit Ryan's style. So, he was really considering attacking several dungeon masters in order to find a path to that dragons' world.

"I can help," Loki's voice suddenly echoed through the area.

"I already told you, Loki," Isis said, and she sounded pretty pissed. "Don't hijack my communication magic."

"Then you shouldn't use such simple spells," Loki said. "Anyway, I have kept my eye on certain troops and in one of them, the quality of items of the small fries increased exponentially. I assumed that the reason is due to the fact that the big bosses are obtaining even better gear made of mithril."

"Whose army are you talking about?" Ryan asked.

"Belphegor's, one of Lucifer's generals," Loki replied. "Based on my intel, he doesn't like to fight and he is lazy. That is why he wastes his time gearing up his minions. Maybe it is thanks to that or for some other reason, his minions are incredibly powerful. His army is close to Italy and they are responsible to keep a certain dungeon and the creatures being spawned there in check."

"Why do you always stop talking when some important piece of information is about to be revealed?" Ryan frowned.

"To make things more interesting, of course," Loki replied. "While I know the locations of the six demons' generals, I only know the location of four of their enemies: the angels. One of them is in Italy and another is in Israel. Gabriel is helping protect the dungeon a few kilometers away from the Vatican. Considering your accomplishments, normally, he would treat you well, but since your corruption level increased astonishingly. I would devise not contacting him. He may attack you on sight since you smell like a dragon and they hate dragons almost as much as they hate demons."

Ryan didn't like what he heard. He never found them, and that is why he never got worried. Still, his Night Demon's blood makes him almost automatically an enemy of the angels. Regardless it looked like things were becoming even more shocking than before with those new players involved.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1