Chapter 715: End

Chapter 715: End

Ryan teleported to behind Thanatos in order to make him miss the attack, but in the end, even before Ryan could punch him, his left shoulder was split wide open. Femradiel healed Ryan, but it will take a while longer and a few more tries to close the wound completely.

In the end, Thanatos didn't even have to worry about aiming while using his Death Manipulation. Healing himself will take too long. Preventing the attack was also impossible. So, Ryan decided to go all out while clenching his teeth.

Ryan summoned his magic bows and fired them. For some reason, Thanatos jumped to the side to avoid them. Most likely, the wounds on his body were preventing him from using his powers like before. In any case, Ryan will have to accept some risks in order to win that fight.

"Femradiel, focus on healing me and using STR potions," Ryan said.

"All right," Femradiel said.

Although Femradiel said that, she knew that her support wouldn't be enough. Ryan teleported toward Thanatos and used his arms to punch him. At first, he ignored it since that was a risky attack and Ryan could lose both arms, but that didn't stop Ryan. He punched Thanatos in the face, even when a massive wound on his right was opened from the hand to his shoulder. Fortunately, Ryan used Vampirism and Bloodthirsty to heal himself. While that didn't solve all the problems, it made Ryan close his wound a little bit.

Thanatos clicked his tongue since the attack caused more damage than expected. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan bombarded his enemy with magic copies of the Berserker's Crossbow. This time, while he was flying, thanks to the punch, Thanatos got hit by them.

Before he could land, Thanatos swung his scythe again while aiming at Ryan's right arm. Ryan ignored it and sacrificed his main arm to punch Thanatos with all his might or so that was what he made him think. Ryan grabbed Thanatos' body, and before he could react, he smashed his enemy against the ground with all his might. Thanatos didn't have the chance to swing his scythe in that situation, but he managed to activate that aura where his Death Manipulation could damage anything around him. Ryan's left hand began to lose all of its flesh due to Death Manipulation, but in the end, Ryan already had reached his goal: he touched his blood.

Ryan moved away from Thanatos and then used Blood Manipulation to prevent Thanatos from moving for a short amount of time. Thanatos used Death Manipulation to destroy the blood he had lost, but he didn't do it fast enough in the end. A massive arrow of solidified light fell on Thanatos, and for a brief moment, the sunlight bathed that whole world.

Ryan and Femradiel used that brief moment to heal his wounds, but in the end, Ryan couldn't help but sigh. Thanatos didn't die, and while his body was covered in wounds, blood, and burn marks, he wasn't going down with only that much. That was obvious after seeing the glint in his eyes.

"I lost five arrows creating that arrow, damn it" Ryan said and then sighed.

Although Ryan couldn't recall the moments where he had gone mad, it didn't mean that his body forgot the tiredness of those moments. He was exhausted, and while the idea of running away didn't even cross his mind, his concentration still was wavering.

"Try to use Ice Breath and then get a bit angry," Femradiel said.

"What?" Ryan asked. "Rage doesn't work while using magic attacks."

"Just do it," Femradiel said.

In the end, Ryan decided to follow Femradiel's advice. Thanatos was taking his time, so why not? Ryan didn't have any better idea, after all. Ryan faked a punch and then teleported, but in the end, he opened his mouth while recalling all the feelings he felt when he saw the fragments of his parents being killed by Thanatos. In the end, he got lightheaded again, but his Ice Breath froze everything in front of him, including Thanatos.

Ryan became even more surprised when he saw that the ice was dark. It wasn't because that world lacked light. Even his Ice Breath was emitting the same miasma that was leaving Thanatos' body.

"My eyes" Ryan muttered as he sweated cold while he saw shadows covering his eyesight.

"Just calm down a little bit and should become better," Femradiel said. "Hurry up and finish Thanatos. Even this ice won't hold him back for long."

Little by little, the ice created by the Dark Ice Breath was cracking. Even without being able to move, Thanatos could destroy it by using Death Manipulation. Still, it was surprising from Ryan's perspective that he could do that. It wasn't the same thing, but Ryan also created some ordinary arrows with arrowheads made of sunlight, he made hundreds of them and then summoned them from his spatial storage. However, before he could fire them, Thanatos used the last trick up his sleeve. He summoned all fragments of Ryan's parents' souls and made them attack him at the same time.

"I was wondering when this asshole was going to use them" Ryan muttered while he was forced to move back from the prison made of dark ice.

"I got this," Femradiel said. "I didn't stay out of this battle for so long for nothing."

After declaring that, Femradiel dropped some Ice Spears on the fragments. Those were special projectiles, they didn't cause any damage, but they froze the fragments completely. It seemed like she was learning from Ryan that having more than a few backup plans for each situation was pretty good.

Eventually, Thanatos freed himself, but before he could try to protect himself or escape, he was bombarded by the arrowheads made of light. Thanatos was unable to resist in any way after the first attack hit him. It was weird that the god of death was that weak to sunlight, but in the end, it made sense since Ryan heard in the few lessons about Greek mythology that sunlight never reached the underworld. His presence grew weaker and weaker, but before it could disappear completely. Ryan sealed Thanatos' soul in a crossbow.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1