Chapter 723: Angels

Chapter 723: Angels

In the end, Ryan decided to keep an eye on the things on the other side of the border, and the very moment he saw an army of flying creatures, he teleported to the sky, and in the blink of an eye, Femradiel and he were in space.

Angel  Lv Max

Health: 45.560 /45.560

Mana: 135.500/135.500

Stamina: 44.000/44.000

Strength: 6500 (+800)

Dexterity: 4520 (+700)

Speed: 5900 (+1100)

Intelligence: 9800 (2200)

Endurance: 7700 (+1500)

Control: 6900 (+800)

Mentality: 8600 (+800)

Luck: 7500 (+1500)

Recovery: 35.000 (+15.000)

Willpower: 8600 (+800)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 750, Concentrated Strike Lv 690

Passive Physical Skills: Augmented Recovery Lv 700, Augmented Strength Lv 690, Augmented Intelligence Lv 670

Spells: Light Creation Lv Max, Light Arrow Lv Max, Light Sword Lv Max, Light Spear Lv Max

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 850, Shock Resistance Lv 700, Cold Resistance Lv 750, Earth Resistance Lv 600, Darkness Resistance Lv Max

The angels were a bit different than Ryan imagined. Aside from the fact that most of them only had swords, bows, or spears and that they were wearing a white robe. In any case, it was hard to tell if they were female or male. All of them were physically strong. Their hair styles and tones also varied quite a bit, but all of them had blue eyes. They also had a similar glow like Poseidon had, but it wasn't quite there. It seemed that their level of divinity couldn't be compared to the elder gods, but what about their leaders, the four angels?

"If one day you have to fight an army of them, you will suffer a lot," Femradiel said. "Their attacks will be naturally stronger than you're thanks to their divinity."

"I don't think that will happen since they are focusing on defending their domains," Ryan said. "Considering that I didn't hear of them until now, I am pretty sure that I am right."

"How surprisingly positive of you," Femradiel said.

The fight finally started; the angels began to fire spells that resembled Lunar Arrow even though it was noon. As expected, they really could use Light Magic and fire at insane speeds. However, the Sloth Demons didn't move all that much after getting hit by the rain of those projectiles. It seemed they developed one hell of a Resistance against it after fighting against them for so long. Either way, when the arrows hit the ground, they burned everything around and even made some large holes appear.

When the angels finally began to kill some of the demons, the demons got close enough to jump high in the sky and reach several of them in moments. At the same time, they were grabbed and couldn't free themselves. The very moment they fell on the ground, both creatures exploded, and Ryan didn't find any trace of them.

"A suicidal attack" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Only an asshole would create an army of suicidal monsters."

"They aren't normal creatures, so it makes perfect sense that they are being used like that," Femradiel said.

As it turns out, the craters were caused by the suicidal explosions. From above, Ryan could see that their numbers were insanely higher than he had expected. Maybe Ryan could survive that in his Draconic form, but in his human form

"When are you planning to invade their dungeon?" Femradiel asked.

"Once the fight is over," Ryan replied. "We will find many other monsters of that same kind on the other side, but I don't want to face more than the necessary. Anyway, I will be counting on you to freeze as many of them as possible."

"I will do my best, but I want a reward if I succeed," Femradiel said.

"Reward?" Ryan frowned.

"How about a kiss? It can be on the cheek if you are that shy," Femradiel said.

Ryan facepalmed after hearing that, here they were preparing to invade the world of a demon as famous as Belphegor, and Femradiel was talking nonsense. The human hormones really changed her in any case, Ryan was getting more and more troubled. He couldn't see Femradiel like that. He had no intention of getting in another relationship while the world was like that. Should he just say all that to her? That might solve the issue, but it might also create other problems.

Considering everything, Femradiel wasn't much different than any other woman, so she might get really angry or depressed. Ryan was having a hard time imagining that, though. Since Femradiel was much stronger than him mentally.

After considering the situation, Ryan decided to do as Femradiel wanted. In the end, he didn't hate her, and she was the only person who he could trust completely to watch his back. While he wasn't that interested in romance any longer, why not see where things might go by following Femradiel's pace? It was time for Ryan to forget the useless parts of his past and do whatever he felt like it. As long as he doesn't treat Femradiel unfairly, things shouldn't end badly.

"Sure, why not?" Ryan asked while shrugging.

"I thought that you would resist more than that, now I can't help but worry," Femradiel frowned.

"Just keep your hormones in control and focus on the mission," Ryan said. "We are going to face another difficult enemy and if we mess up, we won't find another chance to help Alissa."

Femradiel nodded. It was time to take things seriously. They couldn't afford to fail since Alissa's life might as well hang in the balance. Ryan felt that it was time to pay all his debts to her, and Femradiel thinks of her as a friend. For different reasons, they couldn't afford to fail.

In the end, they eventually noticed that it was time to invade the dungeon. A certain blonde angel that had a magic staff on his hands suddenly appeared on the battlefield and then decimated hundreds of the demons. Most likely, that was Gabriel

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1