Chapter 726: Trembled

Chapter 726: Trembled

"It seems the mist also works like a natural barrier against magic attacks," Femradiel rubbed her chin thoughtfully.

"You don't say," Ryan said. "I would never have guessed that myself. Anyway, ice magic won't help here and since my fire spells are much weaker, it will be a waste of time trying to continue with this plan."

As it turned out, Femradiel's instincts were right. The plan to burn everything wouldn't work. Regardless, despite everything, Ryan couldn't help but wonder why they haven't been attacked yet. Even if the mist zone was massive, someone at the level of the demon generals would have noticed Ryan's attack.

"Let's see" Ryan said and then summoned a skeleton. "Try to find this guy's presence once he enters the mist."

"Sure if he survives the fall," Femradiel said.

The skeleton was an ordinary one, so it was even weaker in terms of endurance if compared to the skeleton archers and skeletons wizards. Regardless, the creature entered the mist, and Ryan confirmed that it was still alive? It was weird to say that a skeleton is alive.

"Not good, even though the mist is only two hundred meters deep, I can't feel the skeleton's presence," Femradiel said. "Belphegor uses strange tactics, but they are highly effective."

Ryan used Animalistic Link and confirmed that the mist was so dense that he couldn't see anything five meters away from him. Fortunately, at least on the part, the skeleton fell, he didn't find anything weird with the surroundings. It was just a part of the forest hidden in the mist. However, after a while, Ryan lost control over the skeleton. Something made the Animalistic Link break. Ryan tried to use it again, but it seemed the skeleton was long gone.

" Maybe I should just destroy this world," Ryan said. "How big was the asteroid that made the dinosaurs go extinct again? Seven miles wide? I am pretty sure that I heard in a documentary that a sixty miles-wide rock can cause the extinction of most likely a planet of Earth's size."

"You don't know if this planet is the same size as Earth," Femradiel said. "You also don't know the speed such a projectile has to hit a planet to destroy. Anyway, Belphegor probably can survive, even if this planet explodes. Did you forget how much trouble you had on defeating Thanatos and Poseidon?"

Ryan couldn't forget it. Even to make Seal work, he had to try dozens of times. Whenever he attacked with any of his skills, their bodies reached a point that they refused to get more hurt. It was no wonder since they were beings who have been around for thousands of years that was a crazy level of immortality and regeneration. Ryan didn't have the chance to check if they couldn't die after getting hit by hundreds of Lunar Arrows in their comatose state. Still, it was hard to find such an opportunity to fight on the opponent's turf.

"We already wasted too much time here," Ryan said. "Let's enter that damn mist and look for Belphegor, who knows what might happen if we take our time."

In the end, not even the logical Femradiel could stop Ryan. She was that worried about Alissa since it wouldn't be weird if two or three elder gods decide to fight her at the same time. She had the knowledge to find a portal connecting to the world where they mine for mithril, even without using a dungeon. So, she wasn't an opponent they could look down on.

At that point in time, trying to surprise Belphegor wouldn't work. So Ryan descended to the mist area already in his Draconic form. As soon as they arrived, Ryan noticed that the mist began to focus around him. Thanks to it, the Mana Barrier began to suffer damage.

"What is this" Ryan frowned.

"The mist is focusing around you it is reacting to your mana," Femradiel said. "It seems the more powerful someone is, the more the mist tries to affect them."

It was probably the mist that destroyed Ryan's skeleton. The smell probably has some unknown effect. Either way, they will be fine as long as they keep Mana Barrier active.

Ryan began to fly low in order to check the area below the mist, but even his vision wasn't much useful in that area. As if that wasn't enough, his massive body didn't make the mist move even a single centimeter. Fortunately, while the mist worked to protect magic presences from that outside, it didn't work in the same way inside. So, Femradiel's senses returned almost to normal.

"My tracking skills are back to normal," Femradiel said. "There is no trace of Belphegor yet, though."

"He is probably in the center of this mist," Ryan said. "Just inform me if you notice anything."

Even though Ryan was flying pretty fast, he didn't find anything different within the mist. He was running out of patience just after a few minutes, and Femradiel noticed that when she noticed that the amount of miasma being emitted by his body was increasing.

"I already told you to calm down," Femradiel said. "At this point in time there is no denying even though you returned to normal after turning into a Cursed dragon, the Transformation affected you quite a lot. You have become too impatient."

Ryan couldn't even deny it since he received some notifications that Rage leveled up a few times since he left his domain. According to Femradiel, Thanatos used a skill that stole Ryan's anger and turned into a sphere of dark energy. That was the next technique that Ryan wanted. Hopefully, he will obtain it before something happens and he loses his mind again.

When Ryan was thinking about that, a Sloth Demon suddenly appeared in front of him and then grabbed his face like a cicada. Before Ryan could move his hands to grab the creature and throw it away, the creature exploded, and the entire area trembled.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1