Chapter 724: Pyromancer

Chapter 724: Pyromancer

Gabriel  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Ryan barely had any time to check Gabriel's status. After he decimated a good part of the demons' army with a massive beam of light, he disappeared. Ryan didn't have to use Search to confirm that Gabriel returned to his dungeon. In any case, that might be actually dangerous since the enemy had a skill that worked even Absolute Appraisal.

What was left of the demons' army began to retreat, and the angels did the same, even though they had the numerical advantage. That was weird, but Ryan decided not to think too much about it. He and Femradiel teleported toward the dungeon, which was located at the top of a certain mountain. Now that they were finally looking at it, they couldn't help but frown since the dungeon was basically a very vertical stair.

Before the demons could retreat to the interior of the dungeon, Ryan and Femradiel bombarded them with Ice Arrows. Both of them froze the creatures instantly, and then another arrow finished the job by shattering all the ice alongside the demons.

You obtained 1150 coins.

You obtained 1150 coins.

You obtained 1150 coins.

"Mmm they are giving a lot of coins, considering that they are just regular monsters" Ryan frowned. "This might be a pretty interesting place to do some grinding.

In the end, something else surprised Ryan as well. It was the fact that the dungeon didn't have a boss guarding the crystal. Maybe it was a trap that the demons had laid for the angels, or maybe Belphegor didn't feel like putting a watchdog when the angels always retreated in the end. Regardless, Ryan and Femradiel quickly opened the treasure chest.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Mad Archer, and Pyromancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Pyromancer!

You obtained the following skills: Pyromancy, Inferno, and Fire Forest.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Pyromancy.

Effect: it grants you the power to manipulate fire freely. This skill also increases the power of all fire-related skills by five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Inferno.

Effect: It grants you the power to burn everything in an area around you instantly.

Cost: 3000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Forest.

Effect: It grants the power to summon several fire tornadoes in an area around you for a determined amount of time.

Cost: 300 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

After quickly checking the Pyromancer class, Ryan and Femradiel touched the purple crystal. Soon after, both of them appeared in Belphegor's world. Weirdly enough, considering that it was a world where demons inhabited, they didn't find anything demon-like. At least, at first. Ryan and Femradiel found themselves inside a forest, a pretty dense one. It seemed full of life, and the smell of flowers was pretty good, but Ryan was experienced enough to know that everything he could see and feel probably was a trap. Both of them activated Mana Barrier and confirmed that something was off when they saw their mana decreasing faster than usual.

"It looks like this smell of flowers is actually a natural magic attack," Femradiel said. "Considering the nature of the mana, I would say it is a spell made to put us to sleep, or to dull our senses."

It seemed like a tactic someone like Lilith would actually use. Nevertheless, what was important was the fact that they reacted fast enough and didn't fall for it. Still, keeping Mana Barrier active was dangerous since it might leave their traces behind, so Ryan and Femradiel teleported to high in the sky and then deactivated Mana Barrier. However, they soon activated it again.

"What the the smell can even smell this high?" Ryan frowned.

Ryan and Femradiel couldn't see anything but a massive forest in all directions. Still, that was weird, considering that it resembled an ordinary forest. Maybe they could try to resist in order to focus on their stealth. Still, Ryan was worried that such a tactic employed by a demon didn't make some of their defensive skills level up like crazy.

"What do you think, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"It doesn't seem like we are inside a small domain, still it wouldn't be weird if Belphegor had already found you, you stink of corruption, after all," Femradiel said.

That was starting to annoy Ryan, even though it didn't seem like people were telling him that just to make him angry. Regardless, without any other option, Ryan decided to keep Mana Barrier active because even if the smell of the planet wasn't making any of their skills level up, it might be a spell that takes time to take effect, and once it does who knows what might happen?

"Do you feel his presence?" Ryan asked.

"No this scent is created by mana, so it works like a massive barrier that makes me unable to feel anyone's presence in a certain distance," Femradiel replied.

"So, mana can also be used like that, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I should expand my domain and then increase my skeletons' army even more. By doing so, their presence will increase the level of mana in an area and no one will be able to tell when I will be inside the domain or not."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1