Chapter 720: Testing

Chapter 720: Testing

It didn't take long for Ryan and Femradiel to reach Europe, and while finding Belphegor's dungeon wouldn't take more than a few minutes at that rate, Femradiel asked to stop.

"I can sense a lot of tier three dungeons here and it would be a waste to ignore them," Femradiel said.

"I suppose so," Ryan said.

Ryan obtained some skills later that he didn't have the chance to test and now seemed like the best times since the dungeons Femradiel found only spawned monsters that he already fought.

Zombie Fire Harpy

Health: 35.350 /35.350

Mana: 65.650/65.650

Stamina: 40.400/40.400

Strength: 2525 (+1800)

Dexterity: 2020 (+500)

Speed: 4545 (+1200)

Intelligence: 6565 (1200)

Endurance: 2020 (+1500)

Control: 2525 (+800)

Mentality: 4545 (+800)

Luck: 2525 (+300)

Recovery: 15.150 (+2000)

Willpower: 4545 (+800)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 350, Burning Claws Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Fiery Aura Lv 550, Augmented Recovery Lv 200, Augmented Speed Lv 250

Spells: Magma Sphere Lv 650, Magma Charge Lv 500, Explosive Impact Lv 480, Volcanic Rain Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 650, Shock Resistance Lv 200, Cold Resistance Lv 150, Earth Resistance Lv 400, Fire Immunity Lv 250

"Interesting all the status of the zombie increased by one percent," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "But in exchange"

Ryan used Heal on the zombie, and the creature trembled as if it had been hit by a lightning bolt. It was weird since the monster had so much health, and the skill was supposed to heal less than one thousand points of health. After rechecking the status, Ryan confirmed that the monster lost twenty percent of its health.

"What did you expect?" Femradiel asked. "It is obvious that undead monsters would be that weak against healing magic."

Adding that to the cost of the skill, which was one thousand points of mana, it made Ryan wonder if it was worse the hassle of leveling up that skill. If the skill reaches level one hundred, he can make any creature two times stronger, but what would be the point if they can suffer so much damage from a simple healing spell? Regardless, Ryan will have to try to find a solution for that problem because Summon Zombie was weirdly appealing.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Cavalier, Poison Archer, and Battle Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Cavalier!

You obtained the following skills: Heavy Slash, Blade Aura, and Broken Strike.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heavy Slash.

Effect: A powerful strike that might stun the enemy the longer the attack is charged.

Cost: 50 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Blade Aura.

Effect: It grants you the power to envelop your sword with mana and cause physical damage while damaging the mana pool of the foe.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Broken Strike.

Effect: It grants an extra effect to your attacks, decreasing the enemy's endurance by one point per level and per strike. The effect will last for five seconds and is reset every time the skill is active.

Health: 20 per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

While the new class wasn't that impressive, Ryan learned a lot as he killed the monsters. First of all, his Absolute Death Crossbow was as overpowered as he had imagined. Ryan could kill any beast in his line of sight even without aiming. The reason was simple, his incredibly high dexterity and the fact that he could hit any part of the enemy's body. The only downside was that Ryan couldn't use any skills alongside it. He couldn't even make a magic copy using the Magic Bow skill.

"You are a lot more useful than I expected, Thanatos," Ryan said.

"I am the god of death, not even death itself can stop me," Thanatos said. "Don't you think this mere crossbow will either."

"Sure, sure," Ryan said. "In any case, this country sure seems abandoned. The population of monsters is stupidly high."

Ryan and Femradiel were in Portugal, very close to the capital, Lisbon. Still, neither of them could see any survivors' camps or feel humans' presence. While that country wasn't that big, he imagined that things wouldn't be that bad Still, considering that Belphegor and an army of demons were less than one thousand miles away, it wouldn't be weird if all humans in the region had been wiped out.

" If I were you, I would avoid using that Summon Zombie skill," Femradiel said while she was frowning. "The smell of corruption changed quite a bit and turned into something very it is hard to describe with words."

"Why does everyone talk like I am smelly and it is not due to these weird powers?" Ryan facepalmed.

"Well, don't worry about it, it isn't permanent," Femradiel replied. "The effect decreases overtime. Still, considering that we are going to attack a demon general, perhaps avoiding it will help us in catching him off guard."

While Ryan was using Clairvoyance to make sure that the path ahead and around was clear, in the end, all caution was more than necessary. Things would be fine as long as they exterminate the monsters in the area as fast as possible. In any case, that was an excellent opportunity for Femradiel to level up classes as fast as possible and for Ryan to obtain a fair number of coins. Thanks to that, he recalled that Thanatos granted him a massive number of coins and that he forgot to use them

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1