Chapter 722: Battle Sage

Chapter 722: Battle Sage

Soul Eater

Effect: A special sword that can't cause any physical damage, but it can cause spiritual damage to the target. At the same time, it steals the spiritual energy of the target, stores it inside, and returns to the weapon's owner when they wished for it. The mana stolen will be equal to the damage caused, and the damage caused will be equal to the levels of the skills used in the attack.

Mana: 00

Price: 300.000.000

"Hell yeah, now we are talking!" Ryan said, visibly excited.

"This is a pretty useful magic sword," Femradiel said. "Still, since it can't cause real damage, it will make us waste some while fighting."

"It can't be helped, you can't have everything you want," Ryan shrugged. "Anyway, while you freeze the tougher monsters, pierce them with the sword. Try not to be too fast, though. I am pretty sure you won't be able to steal their mana once they die."

Femradiel already could kill most tier-three monsters pretty easily and near instantly. So, telling her to take her time was more annoying for her than anything. Still, after a while, she understood just like Ryan about how useful the sword was. When she controlled it with Telekinesis, the weapon could easily drain one hundred points of mana second, and after killing just a few monsters, the weapon had in store three times her mana pool. Once she held the sword, Femradiel's hunting speed increased exponentially.

"To make things more interesting, we will use the sword for twelve hours and pass it to each other. Since you are weaker, you can go first," Ryan said.

"You should have said that because of ladies first," Femradiel frowned.

"No, it is because you are weak," Ryan said. "Because you are weak."

"You don't have to repeat it," Femradiel said. "You complain that I changed, but recently, you have been a pain in the ass."

In the end, Ryan couldn't refute that. Regardless, even if he couldn't use Soul Eater yet, he still had plenty of coins to use and buy potions. The ideal option would be to buy another of the same weapon. Still, Ryan didn't want to bet that he will gain stupid amounts of coins whenever he defeats a foe on the level of the elder gods.

"Leveling up Slow is also a good option, it will duplicate the effects of Haste," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, I have to touch the target for the skill to work and I probably have to stay within a range for the skill to work. Maybe Teleport can easily cancel it. Well, it is worth a try."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Frozen Swordsman, Poison Archer, and Battle Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Battle Sage!

You obtained the following skills: Mind Boost, Electric Touch, and Frozen Touch.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mind Boost.

Effect: It passively increases your mana by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Touch.

Effect: It enchants your hands with the power of electricity and shocks the enemies when attacking.

Cost: 50 mana per attack

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Frozen Touch.

Effect: It enchants your hands with the power of ice and freezes the enemies when attacking.

Cost: 50 mana per attack

You obtained 01 status points.

Before leaving Spain, Ryan found another dungeon that granted him a new class. While it wasn't as good as Time Mage, it wasn't so bad. Although they stopped to clear all the dungeons in their path and eliminated all the monsters they found, Ryan and Femradiel only have to move for two days to reach the border of France and Italy. The size of the army wasn't impressive, but the surroundings made Ryan frown. It looked like the place had been hit by hundreds of meteors, and where they couldn't find craters, they found burned earth.

Sloth Demon  Lv Max

Health: 95.350 /95.350

Mana: 95.600/95.600

Stamina: 4000/4000

Strength: 7500

Dexterity: 2500

Speed: 2500

Intelligence: 7500

Endurance: 7500

Control: 2500

Mentality: 2500

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 25.500

Willpower: 2500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Super Jump Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Augmented Endurance Lv Max, Augmented Intelligence Lv 740, Augmented Strength Lv 630

Spells: Sloth Sacrifice Lv Max

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv Max, Shock Resistance Lv Max, Cold Resistance Lv Max, Earth Resistance Lv Max, Fire Immunity Lv Max, Light Resistance Lv 540

"The heck is that" Ryan frowned.

When Ryan found the first demons that were serving Belphegor, he was caught off guard by their appearance. They were very human-like, but they were taller and larger, and just like dolls, they had no genitals. They also moved pretty slowly, but they were extremely durable. Their skills also made Ryan worry.

"They don't look like a natural type of monster Maybe they were created by Belphegor to reach his goals," Femradiel said.

"While that makes sense, I can't help but wonder how the system recognized a creature made by him," Ryan said. "Anyway, let's wait for a little bit, the smell of smoke still is strong, even though the army is fine. So, I assume they fight pretty often here."

"If you want to see the demons and Angels fighting, you should go somewhere else," Femradiel said. "Mana Concealment won't completely hide your presence if someone at the level of the elder gods gets too close. If the angel that Loki mentioned comes, he will find you, because you smell of corruption."

"Why the long pause?" Ryan asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1