Chapter 735: Idea

Chapter 735: Idea

"What?" Ryan frowned. "Lizards can become dragons after they reach a certain level of corruption?"

"I don't think that is the case" Femradiel said. "Don't you remember? Corruption is deeply related to dark feelings. The key here is the words lizardmen, mana and corruption. Those three probably are necessary for a dragon to be born interesting."

Finally, they obtained some information about the dragons' origin. Still, after that news, Ryan couldn't help but worry about that intel to think that other living beings could corrupt others Ryan thought that only demons could do that, but it seemed that things were different. The system didn't mention any demons but an unknown being. Besides, the power of corruption of the demons couldn't turn living beings into dragons but into mad creatures.

Ryan felt some relief since he finally found the first piece of that puzzle, but things only got more complicated. Imagine how powerful someone could be if they create an army of dragons that easily? Considering how calm Femradiel and Orgar were, it didn't seem like they became dragons after suffering a transformation due to corruption, so they were probably the offspring of dragons. So, it seemed like whoever did that wasn't doing it just to create an army of dragons.

"Ah this is bad," Femradiel suddenly said.

"What is it?" Ryan asked.

"Our domain is being attacked by Baal's minions," Femradiel said. "If I have to guess, he noticed that Belphegor was defeated and that we are the cause of it."

"They are using this opportunity to attack, huh" Ryan massaged his forehead. "What can you do with your familiars?"

"I can make them disappear and return to inside you," Femradiel said. "It doesn't look like we can return on time the problem is Furball."

Furball could be revived after a few hours, but Ryan didn't want to make him experience death once again. While he got stronger, Furball alone couldn't stop a horde of demons, even more so if Baal decides to join the fight. In the end, Ryan gave up on his domain but used Animalistic Link to obtain control over Furball's body for a second and use Teleport. Even with all his mana in draconic form, Ryan only managed to move him away to Isis' dungeon in America. Fortunately, she quickly heard about that.

"It seems you succeeded again, but you are going to lose your domain" Isis said via Telepathy. "Are you fine with that?"

"There is no other way, the demon generals probably are trying to lure me away from this place, I can't fall for that trap," Ryan replied. "Anyway, can you look after Furball for a short while."

"Sure, should I inform Loki that you defeated Belphegor?" Isis asked.

"If he has something good enough to pay for a domain that has access to twenty dungeons, then sure," Ryan said. "Still, wouldn't it be bad for him considering that the demons already know what we did here?"

"He doesn't care about that," Isis said. "Regardless, I wish you luck once again, but this time, try to rescue your friend and don't pick a fight with anyone on the other side. There are too many enemies and even if you three work together, the chances of winning are non-existent."

"I will keep that in mind," Ryan said.

Ryan was fully aware that talking with Alissa will be difficult. Perhaps he won't have time to put some sense in her head before fights break out. In the worst-case scenario, Alissa will attack him, and then while he tries to resist, the other dungeon masters will involve themselves and try to kill all of them at the same time.

The very moment Ryan assumed control over the domain, all the monsters under that crystal control automatically were reset to level one. Maybe it was due to that, that Ryan tried to check things outside the dungeon of that world, but he failed because not a single demon survived for more than a single second outside.

"It seems the scouting missions will have to be done by ourselves," Femradiel said. "In just a few hours, word that the sloth demons became level one monsters will spread around the other dungeon masters. So, there is a chance that they might attack this world. We will have to leave some presents behind in case that were to happen."

Find the crystal will be easy since when Belphegor was defeated, the mist dissipated, and for all intentions and purposes, using that world might be their only way back to Earth. Hence, they had to keep the path open.

"Try to summon one of the sloth demons, I have an idea," Femradiel said.

Sloth Demon  Lv 01

Health: 9350 /9350

Mana: 9500/9500

Stamina: 400/400

Strength: 750

Dexterity: 250

Speed: 250

Intelligence: 750

Endurance: 750

Control: 250

Mentality: 250

Luck: 250

Recovery: 2500

Willpower: 250

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Super Jump Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Augmented Endurance Lv 30, Augmented Intelligence Lv 24, Augmented Strength Lv 20

Spells: Sloth Sacrifice Lv 100

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100, Shock Resistance Lv 80, Cold Resistance Lv 80, Earth Resistance Lv 70, Fire Immunity Lv 40, Light Resistance Lv 10

Ryan could summon each of these by using one hundred coins. They were pretty strong considering that they lost ninety percent of their statuses but still had so much health and mana. Still, in the end, Femradiel only used them to steal their mana with Soul Eater.

"That is not a bad idea," Ryan said.

"You can do better than that," Femradiel said.

In the end, Femradiel and Ryan, by using that tactic, could use coins worth to buy only two mana potions and transform it into a way they could obtain almost one hundred times more mana. In the blink of an eye, they summoned thousands of Skeleton Archers and Ice Golems. By combining them, they created a massive ice tower that protected the crystal. If something happens, they certainly will buy them enough time to return from Hairash.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1