Chapter 734: Serves You Right

Chapter 734: Serves you right

"Not bad, huh," Femradiel said after she checked the skills she obtained. "I really did the right thing when I made a human body."

If Ryan hadn't lost consciousness in two of the last three big fights he had, he would say that defeating elder gods and dungeon masters was an excellent way to power up. In any case, he was pretty satisfied with the results, he just obtained some skills that were basically the improved versions of Slow and Haste, and while their cost was insane, it would be worth the hassle.

"In the end, Belphegor never used a weapon, huh," Ryan said after looking around for a while.

"Yep, he was probably too lazy to master one," Femradiel said. "Most likely, he never trained in his life, he relied only on his natural talent."

"This place isn't so bad" Belphegor said. "Now I am finally free of Lucifer's orders and I can rest as much as I want."

Despite the defeat, Belphegor didn't look even a bit sad or upset. He seemed thankful, in fact. He was one of the demon generals, but he didn't like his job Now, he had the perfect excuse to slack off for the rest of eternity. Before Ryan could hear any more nonsense, he pulled the newest crossbow on his vault.

"Let's get going," Ryan said and then began to move to the crystal that appeared once Belphegor was defeated.

"Wait, aren't you forgetting something?" Femradiel asked.

"Am I?" Ryan asked while he was looking around once again. "What I am forgetting?

"My reward, I saved your ass many times today," Femradiel said.

Ryan facepalmed and then sighed. While that was probably true, he couldn't believe that Femradiel still said that soon after a fight, they almost were killed multiple times. In a sense, her mental fortitude probably was unrivaled.

"I suppose it can't be helped," Ryan said. "Don't complain, though. It has been a while since my last practice."

Ryan closed his eyes and then approached Femradiel's head. It seemed that he was joking since he was making an incredibly weird expression while moving his lips. It almost looked like he was trying to munch a few lemons at the same time. In the end, even Femradiel's heart began to beat faster since that wasn't going to be a cheek on her cheek, and then she closed her eyes expectantly. Much to her surprise and disappointment, Ryan only kissed her cheek.

"Jesus Christ I can't believe you are that desperate," Ryan said. "If I were in your position, I would have run away if someone approached me making that kind of expression."

In the end, Ryan's entire face got red with anger. As expected, since she wasn't that young to let that embarrass her. While she waited for Femradiel to calm down, Ryan checked the blue crystal and confirmed that Belphegor had twenty dungeons under his control it seemed pretty high from Ryan's perspective. Still, it was hard to be sure since Belphegor was lazy and he had been alive for thousands of years.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 10 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 8th

You obtained: Skill Bestowal tome.

Skill Bestowal

Effect: It grants you the power to teach all your allies all of your skills. The skill level will determine the amount of mana used, and it will decrease by ten points per level. The skill learned will always be at level one.

Cost: 10.000 mana

"This seems like a pretty amazing skill," Femradiel said.

"True, but it won't help me even a single bit during fights," Ryan said. "The cost is insane, too."

"Well, it might work on your skeletons and summons, so perhaps it will be worth the hassle," Femradiel added.

It was weird that Ryan obtained such a notification so late. It seemed the system was having some delay lately, or perhaps it didn't know how to give gratification fast enough to the high-ranked. Regardless, at that point in time, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if the system is automated or if someone is controlling it. Considering all things, even if it was automated, someone programmed it to have such features Ryan recalled what Thanatos said. Someone managed to change the system, and that was why only humans had certain features. Was it the creator of the system or someone else? Considering that monsters have their own features in the system, the creator probably wasn't giving special treatment to humans. How could they when billions of them died in less than a year?

"Hey, which one of these is the world that you are using to mine mithril?" Ryan asked after he summoned the crossbow he just obtained.

" I don't want to fight anymore, but that doesn't mean I intend to betray those that once were my allies," Belphegor said.

"I will find out eventually, but if I waste time, the next time I find a demon general I might tell them that you didn't even try to fight," Ryan said. "Do you want to be hunted by your previous allies and boss?"

"How can you be low?" Belphegor asked. "Don't you have any shame?"

"Bitch, please," Ryan said. "You are the demon that represents Sloth, you are the apex of embarrassment. Even more so after being defeated by us."

" It is the second world," Belphegor said after hesitating for a few moments.

Dungeon 01 - Lv Max - planet: Mikiz.

Mikiz: a world dominated by giant insects and bugs that never gave birth to any sapient species. It joined the mana system 2561 years ago when a meteor created by mana fell on it.

Dungeon 02 - Lv Max - planet: Hairash.

Hairash: a world inhabited by many species of dungeon masters that are trying to obtain complete control over it in order to have access to the mithril that appears in a high frequency. The world belonged to the dragons for three thousand years, but they lost control over it when many dungeon masters began to invade it. It joined the mana system 3752 years ago when an unknown being corrupted some lizardmen and forced onto them the ability to wield mana, and then they turned into dragons.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1