Chapter 737: Moldsoul

Chapter 737: Moldsoul

There was no more time to waste testing the new skills, so Ryan and Femradiel decided to touch the crystal and move to the next world. Once they arrived, both of them realized that it was a world that really fit the dragons. All they could see in all directions were some pretty high mountains. However, there was little to no sign of vegetation, and there were plenty of marks of battles. Most of the mountains had at least one massive crater on them.

"Mmm I don't feel at home here, not even a single bit nostalgic," Femradiel said. "I guess I am not from here. Well, not like I was expecting much anyway."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. Still, he was slightly more interested in the fact that he felt strangely light in that world. While there wasn't much vegetation, the air was pretty clean, and the sky was blue, just like Earth's. Ryan also felt strangely comfortable there, probably because the level of mana in that world was high

Before they could do or think about anything else, Ryan and Femradiel felt a tremor, and after a few seconds, a massive shock wave crossed the area and passed by them. Someone or something was fighting, and it seemed damn powerful.

"Do you feel Alissa's presence?" Ryan asked.

"No," Femradiel replied. "Coming from that direction I only felt the presence of ordinary mana. There are no demons or elder gods fighting there."

That made Ryan save time on using Clairvoyance, but in the end, he still felt interested in who was fighting. Most likely, it was two dungeon masters. Perhaps taking his time to finish both of them was a good idea, the fewer the enemies, the better.

"This will be hard," Femradiel said. "I don't feel Alissa's presence and I should be able to find her pretty easily since I already know her."

"I can use Search to look for her," Ryan said. "Let's see"

Ryan activated Search, but weirdly enough, the skill stopped working after a while. It seemed the distance between them was that massive. That was unexpected. Even though Ryan used it in his human form, he had enough mana to find people on the other side of the world using that skill. Ryan could solve that problem by using Soul Eater, but he didn't want to leave a strong trace of his mana behind.

"Let's get going while keeping Mana Concealment active," Ryan said. "We are in a world where everyone wants to obtain mithril and they won't think twice about starting a fight. We are surrounded by them and fighting before finding Alissa is too risky."

"All right," Femradiel said.

Fortunately, Ryan was calm enough to think straight. Femradiel knew that once Ryan turns into a dragon, things will take a turn, and they will have to fight many more times in a row. After all, a Cursed dragon was no different than a ticking time bomb. Besides, if they had any decent source of Intel, they would know that Ryan has Poseidon's trident and Thanatos' scythe.

Ryan and Femradiel decided to fight pretty high in the sky in order to decrease the chances of their spells being detected and also because tremors and shockwaves were pretty common in that world. In just an hour, they felt a couple of those. Thanks to it, Ryan couldn't help but sweat cold, imagining the same thing happening on Earth: dungeon masters and elder gods fighting each other and destroying everything around in a dozen of kilometers radius. Even though he tried not to cause much damage to the planet, Ryan's fight against Poseidon caused a lot of damage in the ocean and South America.

Several hours passed, and there was no sign of Alissa. At that point in time, there was no denying that the world was massive. Perhaps even bigger than Belphegor's since the mountains were always around.

"I can feel a dungeon in our path, we need to change our course," Femradiel said.

"Maybe we shouldn't, maybe we should interrogate a dungeon master and ask for the dragons," Ryan said. "One less enemy to worry about and then we will save some time."

"If you want to try that, then it is okay," Femradiel said. "But you can't use Draconic Transformation no matter what. Now, much more than before, your presence can be easily tracked. Once you transform, every single troublesome foe in this world will try to hunt you, perhaps even more than Alissa."

Ryan considered that possibility. Could he actually defeat a dungeon master that managed to stand their ground even against the sloth demons and without using Draconic Transformation? That seemed too risky

In the end, Ryan decided to take a roundabout path. Still, soon enough, he understood that kind of tactic wouldn't work forever. Suddenly, two massive creatures appeared ten kilometers ahead of Femradiel and Ryan. They were at the same size as that massive magma golem that Ryan faced before, so that was why he could see them even though some mountains were on the path. One of them was a very slow tree that had thousands of vines and was using them like whips to attack the other creature, which was basically a massive statue that fired beams of energy through its eyes. It was obvious that the first one was a mutant Trent, but the other was kind of hard to classify.

Moldsoul  Lv Max

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

"Moldsoul? That is a weird name for a species" Ryan frowned.

Still, the fact that Ryan could see the name of the species and the level only made him worry because it confirmed that it wasn't a dungeon master but one of their monsters. He was already expecting a difficult fight in that world, but he didn't imagine that the dungeon masters would have pets like that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1