Chapter 738: New Lich

Chapter 738: New lich

Ryan felt the urge to wait until both creatures were half-dead in order to turn them into weapons. Still, in the end, even though that probably would give him some awesome weapons, it was too dangerous. After all, the dungeon masters could see things from the perspective of their monsters.

After taking another route to avoid the clash, Ryan and Femradiel managed to avoid surprises like that once again, probably because the sun of that planet began to set and the temperatures decreased exponentially. When the sun disappeared on the horizon, the temperature decreased so much that they couldn't help but frown. For some reason, probably because the planet had no moon and they couldn't find a single star in the sky, everything was completely dark.

"I guess it is understandable why they wouldn't fight in such conditions," Femradiel said. "We should use this opportunity to cover as much ground as possible."

It would be difficult for ordinary monsters to fight under such conditions. Still, since Ryan and Femradiel could see well in the darkness, there was no reason that the dungeon masters wouldn't be able to do the same. They had to be careful because even though the dungeon masters are lying low, they might change their tactics at a moment's notice.

Ryan tried to fly as fast as possible without leaving traces. Meanwhile, Femradiel tried to focus on tracking all the presences she could. Still, in the end, after several hours, they didn't find anyone or anything. Femradiel tried to use Search as well, but in the end, they confirmed that Alissa was using several spells to avoid that kind of detection skill.

"I guess we will have to change our strategy," Femradiel said. "Instead of looking for Alissa, we will have to search for the remaining dragons of this world."

"That seems logical," Ryan said. "I forgot that Alissa even managed to escape Isis' eyes. This task was bound to be a difficult one."

While Search granted the caster the opportunity to find any type of monster, neither of them could use it in that world. After all, they didn't know what type of dragons were living in that world.

After several hours, Ryan and Femradiel confirmed that the days and nights in that world were longer. They rushed to find anything at night, but even after twenty hours, they didn't find anything, nor did the sun begin to rise. Fortunately, their luck began to turn around.

"I feel a powerful presence at our two o'clock," Femradiel said. "It seems similar to mine."

Even in his draconic form, Ryan knew that his presence didn't resemble the real dragons, but Femradiel's was another matter. Even in her human form, anyone with good skills could realize that she was one. Still, it was weird that she found only a single dragon, and that dragon wasn't Alissa.

"Since Alissa absorbed Orgar's soul, it would make sense that her presence is similar to yours, are you sure it isn't her that you found?" Ryan asked.

"I am sure, the level of power is completely different from the last time I saw Alissa, it is much weaker," Femradiel replied. "Besides, the dragon isn't alone and it is moving toward a dungeon."

That explained a few things and made others look weird. Ryan's first impression was that someone captured a dragon and was trying to move it to another world. Still, it was weird that the kidnappers managed to pull that off unnoticed.

"What are we going to do?" Femradiel asked.

"Don't you want to help other dragons?" Ryan asked. "While they might not be from the same species, perhaps they are something similar to your cousins."

"Are you fine helping dragons, even though they almost destroyed Earth?" Femradiel avoided the question by making another.

"I am not crazy enough to blame all dragons for that," Ryan said. "I believe that those who destroyed Earth were killed and suffered the fate that they deserved. Besides, we now know that someone summoned them to Earth, knowing what they would do, I would say that this individual is the one to blame."

"As for me, I am fine in doing anything, as long as it helps us find Alissa," Femradiel said.

In the end, it was up to Ryan to decide what to do. Given the size of that planet, they certainly need the help of a native, but was the help worth the trouble of revealing themselves so early on? That was the most important question.

" Let's give a hand to this dragon," Ryan said.

After using Clairvoyance, Ryan confirmed their suspicions. A dragon really was being transported by a group of weird creatures. Somehow, Femradiel felt the dragon's presence, even though the creature was completely sealed inside a magic barrier. The dragon species was pretty different from Femradiel, the body was larger, and the wings were smaller. As for its elemental nature, it was hard to tell since it had a green skin, and that was the first dragon of that color that Ryan had seen.

Trench Lich Lv Max

Health: 20.000/20.000

Mana: 87.000/87.000

Stamina: 23.000/23.000

Strength: 1900 (+ 200)

Dexterity: 5100 (+ 800)

Speed: 1400 (+ 100)

Intelligence: 12.900 (+ 1800)

Endurance: 2100 (+ 400)

Control: 4900 (+ 600)

Mentality: 7900 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 28.000 (+ 5000)

Willpower: 7900 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Intelligence Lv 850, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 470, Augmented Intelligence Lv 220

Spells: Cursed Barrier Lv Max, Cursed Ray Lv 860, Gravity Lv 650, Dark Sphere Lv 490

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 520, Electric Resistance Lv 480, Shock Resistance Lv 420, Fire Resistance Lv 520, Cursed Resistance Lv 690

Ryan just found a new species of dragon, just they found a new species of a lich. It seemed those were pretty good at creating barriers that could knock down even dragons. That was obvious since the dragon inside it was completely unscathed but wasn't struggling even a single bit. Either way, they were pretty decent trackers as well. It didn't take long for them to notice Ryan's eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1