Chapter 733: Sloth Lord

Chapter 733: Sloth Lord

Femradiel sighed in relief when she saw her attack piercing the ground while Belphegor still was at the tip of the weapon. She used the Mirror to create a fake copy of herself when the demons began to explode, and she moved away a little bit from her previous position but still decided to protect the mirror in order to fool Belphegor. In any case, Femradiel used all the mana she gathered to hit Belphegor with a five hundred meters long spear. Despite that, Belphegor still was pretty much alive.

While Belphegor was trying to get rid of the spear, Femradiel raised her hands to the sky. Using Light Solidification, she began to create another spear. This one certainly will cause a lot more damage since Femradiel still was using INT potions. Belphegor, for the first time, began to feel nervous. That was dangerous since he already suffered too much damage and was exhausted.

"We have been fighting for so long where in the hell is the moon?" Femradiel asked.

Femradiel wanted to wait until the moon appeared, but there was a chance that such a world doesn't have one. Besides, they have been in that world for forty hours, so who knows when the night will come.

Eventually, the ice spear broke, and Belphegor freed himself. Still, Femradiel was faster and hit him with the spear made of sunlight. When the projectile hit the target, the entire area was engulfed in light, and the temperature increased exponentially. However, Femradiel didn't have the chance to check if she caused enough damage.

When Femradiel had the chance to open her eyes. She noticed that all the mist was long gone, and she saw a massive area in the forest that had been burned by her attack. As if that wasn't enough, even the lake had completely melted. She knew that she used a lot of power thanks to the INT potions, but all that damage still surprised her. However, what really surprised Femradiel was that she actually succeeded in knocking Belphegor down. The demon was unconscious in the center of once where the lake had been. His body had been burnt to a crisp, but he still was healing.

"Serves you right," Femradiel smirked. "Don't mess with us, dumbasses. Don't mess with us! Hahahahahaha!"

Femradiel began to laugh maniacally and then began to kick the unconscious demon. While Ryan helped in the fight and made Belphegor show a lot of his cards, the one who ultimately defeated Belphegor was her.

"What are you doing?" Ryan suddenly asked.

Femradiel froze on the spot when she suddenly heard Ryan's voice. She didn't imagine that he would wake up so soon. According to Belphegor, he obtained one month's worth of energy, so she imagined that he also had to endure one month's worth of exhaustion.

"You were getting carried away, huh" Ryan said since Femradiel didn't know what to say. "Anyway, did I lose my head again? How come you obtained control over my body?"

In the end, Femradiel explained what happened after he lost consciousness. Thanks to their pact, Femradiel had the chance to control his body. In any case, not having the power to control his body felt weird. Not to mention, Ryan could see things from Femradiel's perspective, but ultimately, it felt like he was in a weird room that was made of dark and blue lights.

"I see" Ryan said. "Anyway, since you are already at it, you can finish him off. I would feel bad by delivering the last hit."

"It is fine, I will gain a new class even if I don't deliver the first hit," Femradiel said.

" Will you?" Ryan frowned. "That means that you obtained Sea Lord and Death Lord classes?"

"No, I obtained the Sea Lady and Death Lady classes," Femradiel said. "Fortunately, the system isn't sexist. I would feel weird being called a lord by the system."

" Well it doesn't matter, just turn him into a weapon," Ryan said. "Since both of us will gain classes anyway, you can do it."

In the end, Femradiel decided to do it. Her ego already received a big boom by defeating Belphegor. At the same time, Ryan was out cold, but finishing the job wasn't that bad. Regardless, after dozens of attempts and while she still was damaging Belphegor to keep him unconscious, Seal finally worked.

Deceleration Crossbow (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: At the cost of five hundred points of mana, it grants you the power to hit a target and decrease their movement and reaction speed by one hundred percent. This weapon causes ten percent more damage against demon generals.

Dexterity + 2800, Intelligence + 1000, Speed + 1000

Durability: 1000/1000

You obtained 563.745.132 coins.

Congratulations! For defeating Belphegor, you have become a Level one Sloth Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Sloth Illusion, Sloth Aura, and Acceleration.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sloth Illusion.

Effect: It grants the power to make the target of this skill recover or suffer from the effect of Sloth, making them feel the exhaustion of several hours in a single moment or the energy that they could recover in a single moment. You can make the target receive one hour's worth of exhaustion or resting per level. Upon using the second effect of the skill, you or the target will suffer the first effect of the skill.

Cost: 20.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sloth Aura.

Effect: It passively decreases the movement and reaction speed of the enemies around you by three percent per level. The range of the skill is equal to five meters per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acceleration.

Effect: It grants you the power to increase your or your target's perception of time by twenty percent per level.

Cost: 1000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1