Chapter 739: Pendragon

Chapter 739: Pendragon

Without wasting any time, Ryan and Femradiel teleported to where the liches were. The creatures frowned when they found two weird creatures appearing out of nowhere. Those fifteen or so liches tried to attack them, but Femradiel turned five of them into ice statues, and Ryan crushed ten others by bombarding them with bolts.

You obtained 1210 coins.

You obtained 1210 coins.

You obtained 1210 coins.

After the liches were killed, the barrier disappeared, but the dragon inside of it still didn't move all that much. The creature's eyes were open, but Ryan and Femradiel couldn't see much energy.

Pendragon

Health: 121.000/121.000

Mana: 76.000/76.000

Stamina: 95.000/95.000

Strength: 9900 (+ 1200)

Dexterity: 6500 (+ 800)

Speed: 9500 (+ 900)

Intelligence: 7500 (+ 1800)

Endurance: 7500 (+ 1400)

Control: 4500 (+ 600)

Mentality: 9000 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2500 (+ 900)

Recovery: 40.000 (+ 15.000)

Willpower: 9000 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv Max, Roar Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 850, Fire Claw Lv 760 Enhanced Strength Lv 470, Augmented Intelligence Lv 420

Spells: Ice Breath Lv Max, Fire Breath Lv Max, Electric Breath Lv Max,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 700, Electric Resistance Lv 560, Shock Resistance Lv 520, Fire Resistance Lv 420, Cursed Resistance Lv 290

As expected, the dragon was completely fine. The liches did something to weaken their body. Probably curses since liches were good at that. Regardless, Ryan didn't have time to waste there.

"Femradiel, stay here and try to find away to erase this dragon's presence," Ryan said and then used Teleport.

"Wait, where did you" Femradiel said.

In the end, Femradiel didn't have time to stop Ryan from approaching the dungeon. It wasn't like she thought that fighting the dungeon master that captured the dragon was a bad idea, but she wanted to participate in the fight.

In the end, Ryan quickly found someone inside the dungeon. A weird creature resembling the liches since its skin was grey and used a big robe covering its entire body. However, the beast quickly touched the purple crystal and then escaped. Before following the beast, Ryan checked and confirmed that there was no treasure chest in the room. In the end, it seemed that humans only could obtain classes on Earth.

After touching the crystal, Ryan found himself inside a cave. At least it looked like one since Ryan couldn't see the sky nor any sign of light. Despite the darkness of the place, Ryan found the creature moving away. The dungeon master wasn't that fast, so he quickly followed him by using Fly.

When Ryan got close enough to fire his bolts, he noticed that the path on the cave would straighten ahead. Transforming into a dragon wasn't an option Still, that wasn't enough to stop him. Upon noticing that it couldn't outspeed Ryan, the dungeon master turned around. He fired a massive purple beam of energy toward Ryan. It was impossible to dodge, and the creature felt relieved when the spell ended, and he couldn't see the enemy.

Suddenly, the dungeon master felt a sharping pain on his back, and then the creature fell to the ground of the cave. Before it could turn around and see what happened, some bolts fell on his limbs, piercing them and sticking the creature on the ground. Every time the dungeon master tried to move, the beast felt his body being pierced by the electric bolts. To make sure that the creature wouldn't have a chance to move, Ryan pierced its spine with a spear enchanted with electricity.

"This was easier than expected" Ryan frowned and then looked around. "Am I missing something?"

It was weird that Ryan managed to subdue so fast and without using Draconic Transformation. This dungeon master was fighting for mithril in that world. Regardless, that was a golden opportunity that he couldn't let pass. After all, Wolf's Greed worked against that creature.

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

The system recognized that the dungeon master was stronger than Ryan under the right circumstances. He probably was. Still, in the end, he lost the very moment Ryan and Femradiel succeeded in their surprise attack. At some point, Wolf's Creed stopped working, probably because the difference in power wasn't that big to begin with, and Ryan used that chance to obtain a new domain.

"Only three worlds, huh" Ryan frowned. "I guess this guy discovered this one by mistake."

Maybe Ryan should sell that one to Loki and keep Belphegor's. Defending would be hard, but the coins he could obtain would be worth the hassle. Besides, knowing Belphegor, he probably chose the easiest worlds to invade.

After a couple of minutes, Ryan returned to the previous world and then frowned when he didn't find Femradiel and the pendragon. Still, then she suddenly appeared alongside the creature. Apparently, she had strengthened Mana Concealment in herself and the dragon.

"You returned faster than I imagined," Femradiel frowned.

"The dungeon master wasn't anyone impressive, he probably found this planet by mistake," Ryan said. "Anyway, how is the dragons' condition?"

"It will take some time to recover," Femradiel said. "We should hide inside the dungeon for the time being."

Although the dungeon spawned a different species of a lich, it was big enough even for a heavier and larger species of dragon-like that one to cross it. The only issue was how to move a semi-unconscious creature without leaving too many traces behind. Still, in the end, things worked out. Since the dungeon was pretty far away from any other dungeon or place where dungeon masters fought or used their minions, no one noticed when Ryan used a lot of mana to transport the creature via telepathy. While he could have used Teleport, that skill would leave a bigger trace of mana behind, and that would last longer. After that, Ryan and Femradiel proceeded to use Purification on the dragon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1