Chapter 736: Memory Manipulation

Chapter 736: Memory Manipulation

Much sooner than they predicted, Ryan and Femradiel finished their preparations and even filled Soul Eater with a decent amount of mana in case they needed to use it on Hairash. Still, Ryan was a bit troubled in the last month. He obtained a stupid number of coins after defeating three dungeon masters. Now he had even more options of skills and items he could buy, but he was hesitating.

"You sure worry about the small things," Femradiel said. "Just use the coins already, I used mine to power up my skills."

Now that Ryan thought about it, the system divided the coins that Belphegor had. So, Femradiel also obtained perhaps even more coins than him, and since she has initially been a monster, she could use the coins and mana to increase her skills and status. Unlike Femradiel, who has been strong since the very beginning, Ryan was starting to worry about all these crazy powers he was gaining lately.

"One of us has to worry about that kind of thing since you are too busy letting your hormones control your head," Ryan said. "Anyway, let's see what we got here."

Ryan found many enemies that could use skills beyond the human understanding, time magic, death magic. Still, he couldn't buy anything similar to it in the system. Truth to be told, he wanted to get used to the ones he already had before anything. Still, it would be stupid not to use all those coins and risk give them to his enemies upon being defeated.

"No Anger Manipulation, huh," Ryan said. "Well, I guess this is expected, that kind of power probably works in a distance, so it is much more expensive than anything I can buy right now."

Ryan also looked for some upgrade in his space magic since he didn't have much time to train lately. Obtaining the power to create a space like his vault where he could train would be pretty nice. Still, just that power alone wouldn't be enough. Ryan would need to manipulate the time in such space, or at the very least, be able to send a copy of himself to such a place. Naturally, he didn't find either of those skills.

"For someone who worries too much, you sure think high when it comes to crazy powers," Femradiel said. "From my perspective, humans are getting stronger too fast, and you want to speed up that even more. No wonder you obtained a skill that was materialized thanks to your greed."

"I don't want power just for the sake of having it," Ryan said. "I want it because I need it. Imagine a fight where he would have to deal with Poseidon, Thanatos and Belphegor at the same time. That is what I have in my mind all the time. It is just a matter of time before elder gods, dungeon masters, and demons start doing that."

"What a lively imagination you have," Femradiel shrugged. "Regardless, it would be weird if you could buy a skill that power using the system. Instead of buying it, you should try to learn it."

Ryan considered that, but until now, aside from some basic skills, he didn't learn a single spell by himself. Magic wasn't his forte, so hoping that he would know how to bend space and manipulate time was just ridiculous.

"Hurry up, we need to check things with Alissa," Femradiel said.

Memory Manipulation Tome

Effect: it gives you the power to manipulate your memories or the memories of those touched by you. Granting you the power to forget or make certain things being forgotten by others or making them relive certain memories more than once. You can only alter and relive memories within a certain limit. At level one, you can manipulate the memories the target experienced in the last hour, and each level increases the range of the skill by one hour.

Cost: 1000 mana per second.

Price: 600.000.000 coins

In the end, Ryan found a certain skill that could actually help him. In theory, Memory Manipulation would help him relive the same events a few times in a row, and that could make him level up some skills at least in theory.

"Why did you buy a tome that will grant you such a dubious power?" Femradiel asked.

"Don't worry, I won't do anything crazy with it," Ryan said. "I certainly won't use it to alter the memories of others."

"I will make sure of that," Femradiel said, visibly upset.

Now that Ryan thought about it, someone messed up with the memories of all the dragons that came to Earth, so it wasn't surprising that Femradiel would dislike such a skill. Regardless, Ryan used Frozen Slash, a skill that he didn't test a single time, and after that, he used Memory Manipulation. In the end, the skill worked much easier than expected. Ryan just had to wish for it, and the skill worked. It was weird how real the memories were for a second, Ryan felt like he had gone to the past. The only issue there was that he couldn't do anything, and his body was full auto.

Congratulations! The skill Frozen Slash has leveled up.

Frozen Slash Lv 1  Lv 2

"It works, huh," Femradiel said since she could sense such alterations on Ryan's body.

"Yeah, but it has some problems," Ryan said. "The cost of the skill is high, so unless I make the original memory as intense as possible, this training won't be that efficient. I guess reliving certain fights will solve that issue and as long as I use Memory Manipulation often, the memory will always be rewritten in a recent space in my head."

"Do you think that you can control the skill and make those memories pass inside your head faster?" Femradiel asked.

"I don't think so at least not for the time being," Ryan replied.

If he manages to do that, Ryan's training process will speed up exponentially. However, it was evident that it will take a while before he reaches that level of proficiency.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1