Chapter 730: Troublesome

Chapter 730: Troublesome

In the end, Ryan almost praised Femradiel's analytical skills. Belphegor seemed impressed and confused, and that only showed that she was right. Still, to think that Belphegor really had that power it was a power really that really fits his demonic nature. He doesn't feel like doing anything, and to prevent others from doing anything against him, he slows down their perception of time, and when he feels like doing anything, he speeds up his.

"While his power is incredible, he won't have the chance to use it fully while I use the ring, since your mana was the thing that fueled this and this ring has a certain level of divinity, then it won't fail," Femradiel said via Telepathy. "You have one hour to defeat him."

"I want to say it will be plenty, but I won't get ahead of myself," Ryan said.

Ryan flew toward Belphegor, and this time he didn't feel the effects of his magic. His body was as light as it could be, and his punch was finally blocked by Belphegor's left hand. The demon's expression changed from one to surprise, for one to annoyance.

"How bothersome" Belphegor said.

Ryan felt his hand getting heavy. It was the other power that Belphegor had, the power to make things get more tired. However, Ryan let him grab his hand. In exchange for that, he bombarded him with crystal arrows filled with sunlight. That combination easily caused some scratches on Belphegor's body, and he began to bleed in several parts.

"Tsk," Belphegor clicked his tongue in annoyance.

After letting Ryan's arm go, Belphegor jumped to move away from the effects of Chronos' Ring. Still, Femradiel quickly caught up with him by using Teleport. Belphegor also used Teleport to move away, but she easily found him thanks to her skills. Moreover, Belphegor was lazy, so he couldn't use Teleport to move so far away from the lake, nor did he want to leave his crystal behind.

"So, bothersome" Belphegor said, and then the mana in his body changed.

Belphegor hated to move around, but in the end, he understood that letting Ryan always have the initiative would make the fight drag for too long. That is why his mana changed because he used buffs to increase his physical strength and endurance.

After doing that, Belphegor dashed toward Ryan and tried to punch his face. Ryan blocked the attack, but not before feeling the bones in his hands cracking. Ryan used Ice Breath, but Belphegor easily moved to the side and escaped the attack with lightning speed.

"Annoying demon for a lazy bastard, he sure is fast," Ryan said after clicking his tongue.

"I will give you a hand," Femradiel said.

Soon after, the blood that was flowing from Belphegor's wounds turned into ice, but in the end, she failed at freezing the interior of his body like she did before. While his powers couldn't be used that well inside the effects of Chronos' Ring, it seemed that things were still different inside him.

Although Femradiel's plans failed, Ryan still was winning the melee fight since Belphegor rarely landed more than one punch at the same time. Still, the look in his eyes made Ryan understand that he didn't give up on the fight yet. After landing two consecutive hits on the demons' faces, Ryan used that opportunity to fire some crystal arrows. The demon blocked them with his left hand, but they pierced it deeply, and the hand began to bleed quite a lot. In the end, Ryan resumed the combo, but Belphegor stopped Ryan's right hand with his own and then grabbed it again. Before Ryan could try to retreat, Belphegor made the blood that was flowing from his head fall on Ryan's face. Not even Frozen Armor prevented the blood from falling on his eyes.

Ryan used Purification to get rid of that, but Belphegor used that chance to make his hand touch Ryan's forehead. Femradiel tried to teleport away from him, but Belphegor was also teleported since their hands were touching each other. In the end, Belphegor touched Ryan's forehead, and not even Femradiel's ice wall was enough to stop him. At first, Femradiel didn't notice what happened until he let Ryan go, and he began to fall.

"Ryan?" Femradiel asked, confused.

The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

The skill Fatigue Resistance has leveled up.

At first, Femradiel didn't know what happened until she checked Ryan's mind and saw those notifications appearing one after another like a storm. Somehow, Belphegor used magic to make Ryan feel a terrible wave of exhaustion. When Femradiel looked into his eyes, he saw that they were white. From casting a spell-like that directly at Ryan's brain, he made him enter into a comatose state.

In the end, Ryan fell on the lake while Belphegor was massaging his shoulders and healing his wounds. It has been a while since he had to move like that, and as one would expect, he hated all forms of exercise.

"To think that a human would obtain this much power in less than a year" Belphegor furrowed his eyebrows. "Perhaps his hatred isn't the only reason why he wants to exterminate all humans."

Belphegor wasn't good at offensive magic, but he needed to use something in order to finish Ryan off. However, before he could start casting or thinking about any spell, the lake suddenly exploded, and Ryan appeared. Belphegor was caught off guard since it was impossible that someone could recover from such an attack so fast, but then he noticed that his presence changed. The scales of his body were completely blue, all the signs of miasma had disappeared entirely, and the woman who had been standing on his head during the whole fight became a statue of ice.

"What a troublesome guy Ryan is" Femradiel said.

Belphegor recognized that voice Thanks to his laziness, he didn't pay much attention to her. Still, now he finally realized that Femradiel was a dragon that had a human form. It seems he messed up because Femradiel looked far more experienced when it comes to fighting.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1