Chapter 732: One Month Worth Of Energy

Chapter 732: One month worth of energy

Femradiel tried to attack the sphere of mana to make Belphegor lose control over it, but in the end, it ate all the projectiles she fired at the sphere. Femradiel began to sweat cold because not even all the potions that she can use will save her from that situation.

"All of the mana huh," Femradiel said, and then it smirked.

She still was an option, it was kind of risky, but it was better than nothing. Before Belphegor could fire the massive sphere of mana, she Teleported to behind. He imagined that she could try a suicide attack, but in the end, the demon assumed that she would try to do something clever it was a pity that hadn't been the case.

Belphegor turned around and fired the sphere at her, and then the massive amount of mana engulfed both of them. All the clouds in the sky moved away from that area, but a massive dark typhoon painted the blue sky of that world. As if it was about to end, it slowly began to change colors, from blue to red, thanks to massive heating caused by the explosion.

After a few seconds, Belphegor appeared, moving away from the epicenter of the explosion. While he wasn't bleeding, his body was covered with burn marks. He used half of his energy to attack and the other to protect himself; still, it hadn't been enough to completely nullify the damage.

"How bothersome" Belphegor said and then sighed. "If I knew that she would try that, I would have thought twice. In a single moment, I used one month's worth of energy."

In the end, it seemed that Belphegor's illusion wasn't that user-friendly. Despite having the body of a demon, his hands were completely swollen. He used way more energy in a single attack than he was used to, as if that wasn't enough. The origin of all that power came from an illusion and not from natural sources like recovery and potions. So, his body was making him pay for the tool for fooling it.

However, it seemed that Belphegor made a mistake. He turned around because he still could feel Femradiel's presence. When all the smoke disappeared, she was indeed there, still flying and while some shards of ice were falling from her body.

"How did you" Belphegor opened his eyes widely.

Femradiel was alive but completely unscathed. She tried to protect her face by using her left hand alone. Still, she lost it even despite the Frost Armor that was repaired almost instantly by the weapon on her right hand: the Soul Eater.

"Did you like that?" Femradiel asked while smirking.

Although she said that with a smile on her face, Femradiel was screaming inside her head. Even the mana accumulated inside the sword after killing close to one hundred thousand monsters hadn't been enough to stop the attack completely. Fortunately, Belphegor was in shock, and the idea of using the illusion again didn't even cross his mind. Still, Belphegor confirmed that Alissa was in bad condition when she didn't try to heal her arm instantly. She was waiting to have enough mana to do it. That was a good enough opportunity to attack, but Belphegor was too tired to make use of that opportunity.

Femradiel assumed that Belphegor would attack, but since he didn't do it, she used that opportunity to use some potions, increasing her speed and mana. Once he realized that, Belphegor had no choice but to charge toward her.

In the end, Femradiel used her remaining hand to block Belphegor's charge. While using only a single hand made her bones crack, at least that gave her the chance to notice Belphegor's real condition. Belphegor tried to grab her arm, but in the end, he gave up on it when Femradiel used the immobilizing crossbow again. She was insisting too much on the strategy of equalizing that speed, and that made Belphegor realize that she had confidence that she could win once that happened.

When Belphegor retreated, Femradiel advanced. Before she could reach him, a light enveloped her arm, and then it was completely healed. Femradiel almost punched Belphegor, but then she disappeared when he almost blocked her punch. In the end, she appeared behind him and punched the middle of his back.

Belphegor clicked his tongue in annoyance after he felt the taste of blood in his mouth. Belphegor teleported to the lake without any other choice and then used the crystal to summon hundreds of demons.

"It seems he is finally out of tricks" Femradiel furrowed his eyebrow.

The demons put themselves between Femradiel and Belphegor. In the end, he won't make them explode that easily. He wanted to buy time to use potions, and that was exactly what he was doing. Femradiel couldn't let that happen, but in the end, she saw an opportunity there.

After summoning Soul Eater, Femradiel used the weapon via Telekinesis and sliced the demons apart. While the sword didn't cause any damage, it collected vast amounts of mana since it passed through so many of them. Meanwhile, Femradiel also began to use INT potions. Belphegor clicked his tongue again; Soul Eater was the weapon that broke the balance of the battle, and it was going to break it again. He stopped using potions and focused on summoning more demons and making them explode nearby Femradiel.

Femradiel focused on stopping the demons with Ice Breath, but that only worked to slow her down a little bit. As if that wasn't enough, the damage began to pile up, and the wounds on her body increased. Belphegor decided to go all out with his demons since Femradiel was focusing too much on using that chance to gather mana. In the end, Femradiel stopped when suddenly five hundred of those creatures glued on her body and caused a massive chain explosion.

However, before Belphegor could confirm her death, Femradiel suddenly appeared above him. She tried to kick his ass, and Belphegor tried to block it, but in the end, she disappeared once again and, in her place, a massive ice spear fell from the sky and hit the demon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1