Chapter 748: Chi Explosion

Chapter 748: Chi Explosion

"Hey, what are your friends trying to hide there?" Ryan asked.

Nelron couldn't help but sweat cold when he heard that question. Although he was supposed to be three hundred years old, he was nave, just like a teenager. Maybe dragons went through puberty around that age.

"Well some relics and our mithril," Nelron replied.

"Is that so do you think I am going to steal it?" Ryan asked. "Come to think of it, why do you guys need mithril? I didn't see either of you using any weapon or piece of gear made with it."

"We use it in the place of food," Nelron replied. "There aren't many creatures big enough that can feed even our small tribe around, so we make do by draining the mana from the mithril. When we are bored of it, we eat small pieces."

Ryan knew that dragons needed mana more than anything else. His instincts were telling him that Nelron was hiding something. When Ryan used Clairvoyance, he only found a weird place inside the forest that didn't have any houses. Still, it had some pieces of wood and metal that could be used to protect their bodies from the rain and sun now that Ryan thought about it, it would be weird if dragons had houses like humans.

At the center of their village, Ryan found a big rock that seemed really out of place. There weren't many rocks around the forest so it probably had been created by magic and to hide something something that was probably below it.

"Well, whatever," Ryan said. "Let's take ownership over the domains, Femradiel."

"Weren't you planning to sell it to them?" Femradiel asked.

"Yeah, but it seems they are hiding something down there and they probably can't move it anytime soon," Ryan replied. "So, any negotiation will take too long. We can't afford to stay here for more than a few hours."

While they gained quite a lot of time by sacrificing a few magic items, Ryan wasn't satisfied with that much. Since all that gear covered in a thin layer of mithril won't be that useful, he might as well use it to speed up his movement speed.

"Is that true?" Femradiel asked Nelron.

"Actually" Nelron said.

"Don't answer, Nelron," Another dragon suddenly approached and spoke. "We can't reveal that kind of information to strangers."

Pendragon

Health: 189.000/189.000

Mana: 119.000/119.000

Stamina: 128.000/128.000

Strength: 12300 (+ 1.00)

Dexterity: 8500 (+ 1100)

Speed: 12500 (+ 1200)

Intelligence: 8700 (+ 2100)

Endurance: 9200 (+ 1700)

Control: 6500 (+ 600)

Mentality: 9900 (+ 1900)

Luck: 3000 (+ 900)

Recovery: 50.000 (+ 18.000)

Willpower: 9000 (+ 1900)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv Max, Roar Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 850, Fire Claw Lv 760 Enhanced Strength Lv 470, Augmented Intelligence Lv 420

Spells: Ice Breath Lv Max, Fire Breath Lv Max, Electric Breath Lv Max,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 700, Electric Resistance Lv 560, Shock Resistance Lv 520, Fire Resistance Lv 420, Cursed Resistance Lv 290

"But they helped me, father, and they didn't ask anything in exchange," Nelron said. "They are looking for that dungeon master that fought in the deadly swamp."

Ryan couldn't see many differences between the pendragon dragons, but he noticed that Nelron's father had a bit rougher voice. For some reason, Femradiel was staring at them.

"I heard that you saved my son, but you shouldn't pry into others' business," the second dragon said. "My name is Nakine and as a representative of my tribe, we are willing to help, but only if you forget about what is down there."

"Sure, why not?" Ryan shrugged. "As long as it isn't something that won't cause trouble to us, I don't see why I should get interested in it. Swear that is the case and I will forget about it."

"You have my word," Nakine said.

After that talk, Ryan decided to check for the loot. Since Femradiel and he did most of the work, he didn't think twice about getting everything he could find. While he didn't find any equipment eye-catching, that was fine. Ryan was going to use those to gain some coins. The items covered in mithril didn't become more expensive on the dungeon shop, so it would be wiser to use them alongside Mana-Eater. While Ryan didn't find any decent gear, he found a pretty good tome.

Chi Explosion tome

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a sphere of energy from the palm of your hands that will cause magic and physical damage. The range of the skill will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by twenty meters.

Cost: 300 mana and 300 stamina

"So, I finally can use something like hadouken, huh," Ryan said.

Ryan tested the skill, and while it wasn't exactly like he imagined, it would be useful nonetheless. As if that wasn't good enough, he didn't need to use both hands to fire a single projectile training that will be interesting, and Ryan just needed to find out the best way to be used alongside with his fighting style.

Once they finished the cleanup, the dragons returned to their camp. Maybe some of them would go hide inside the domains in other worlds, but it looked like the most powerful dragons would stay behind for the time being. Something important to them was below that rock But it was weird that they quickly abandoned it. No, maybe they did it so fast in order to fool the enemies. Leaving without hesitation would make their enemies think that they didn't leave anything really important behind.

"We have three domains that we could sell to you," Ryan said. "It will take a while, but if you help, perhaps you guys will be able to create a powerful army of monsters to fight in your place."

"I know how the system works," Nakine said. "The last leader of our race was a dungeon master, but she lost her domain and her life after hundreds of years of battle. When that happened, we decided to split since many of us were captured."

Ryan wasn't that interested in their story, but he was interested in their knowledge. Perhaps hearing them would make him learn something. Regardless Ryan felt quite weird since he and Femradiel were sitting on the ground, and they were basically surrounded by those massive dragons that were ten meters wide and forty meters long.

"Anyway, how many domains do you want and how much you can pay for them?" Ryan asked.

"All of them, we will give you all of our reserves of mithril and we will also help you find your friend," Nakine said. "As long as you help us create an army with the domains' power."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1