Chapter 747: Mistake

Chapter 747: Mistake

While Ryan had many options, he didn't want to show his most useful skills right at that moment. So, he decided to use something he obtained recently, the big-ass sword that the goblin used when he transformed before. The two hundred meters sword appeared out of nowhere, and that made the cloaked figure flinch.

Ryan made the sword spin and then flew toward the dungeon master. This time the creature was forced to fly back while the creature fired bone arrows toward it. However, that didn't change anything. The sword repelled all the attacks and cut the air creating a massive tornado. Rocks, trees everything in the area was pulled towards it. The power surprised even Ryan since it has been a while since he used that tactic.

Without any other choice, the dungeon master decided to move away from Ryan. Still, he also summoned those poisoned spears again. However, they didn't pierce the Frost Armor. Ryan used more mana to strengthen it. The dungeon master tried to use the same tactic several times, but the Frost Armor protected him. Soon enough, the effects of the poison disappeared, and the creature noticed it.

Ryan saw the enemy clenching his fists in frustration. Ryan wasn't doing anything special, but he still found the best way to attack and protect himself against the enemy. Naturally, the dungeon master got frustrated since they couldn't do anything against that plan with their skills. In the end, the dungeon master used Teleport and disappeared.

"Fucking asshole" Ryan said and then checked the situation with Femradiel.

Femradiel was flying in circles around the giant robot and using the crossbow to bombard the creature's head with water bolts. For some reason, she was only attacking the forehead most likely, the real dungeon master was there. Since Femradiel was unscathed and the giant robot couldn't even hit her with the beam of energy that comes from its eyes, Ryan assumed that she would be fine and then began to pursue the other dungeon master.

Ryan quickly found the dungeon master by using Search, and then it appeared in front of him by using Teleport. In the end, it seemed that his mana poop was larger. However, suddenly a massive purple curtain of smoke came out from his body and then covered the entire area. When Ryan used Search again, he confirmed that the dungeon master used Teleport.

"So fucking annoying" Ryan said and then sighed.

Instead of getting too close, Ryan used Clairvoyance to find the dungeon master and then bombard the creature with Sapphire Arrows. The usual bone wall appeared to block them, but it only lasted for so long. The special arrows that nullify mana broke it. Before he could notice, the dungeon master saw its mana being sealed away.

The creature tried to move zig-zagging, and thanks to it, it escaped the arrows, but then suddenly, a massive sword hit them from above and the creature was sent flying downward.

You obtained 65.404.987 coins.

"Ah I killed him," Ryan said, surprised. "Did that thing run out of mana already? Why another bone wall didn't appear?"

Ryan's sword strike easily crumbled the already damaged bone wall, but he didn't think that the dungeon master could only cast one. Perhaps that was the limit that the creature could do automatically. Regardless, Ryan tried to check the cloak the dungeon master used. Still, it was completely destroyed. As if that wasn't bad enough. The dungeon master didn't have any item with it.

"I guess that this is the first alien that I found that didn't have boobs or a sword between its legs" Ryan said once he took out the cloak.

It seemed the dungeon master belonged to a species that didn't have male and female gender. Still, they did have two eyes, two ears, a nose and a mouth. The dungeon master also had hair, but it was completely silver. After he finished his checking, Ryan returned to where he left Femradiel as fast as possible, and he arrived just in time to see Femradiel freezing a brain that was inside the robot's head and then destroying it.

"You are back, huh," Femradiel said. "This was over much sooner than we expected. I can't believe this species of dragons were having a hard time against these dungeon masters."

Using the water bolts alone, Femradiel opened a hole in the robot's head. It was kind of weird to see her nonchalantly like since the scene of her freezing a brain inside a giant robot was also weird. Regardless, the fight was far from over. Both of them still had to face the Metallic Knights and the Death Knights. Those species of monsters couldn't fly, but they still could cause a lot of destruction with their numbers.

By working together, Femradiel and Ryan wiped out the monsters, but in the end, Nelron and his allies that could fight returned to help once they realized that the dungeon masters had been defeated. Naturally, they felt wary of Ryan, just like Nelron did.

"Apologies for the delay," Nelron said. "We needed to make sure that the younger dragons would stay away from the battlefield."

That was weird in many ways. It almost sounded like the words of a human. Nelron and his allies looked as fearsome as the dragons that destroyed a good part of Earth, but they were weak, just like humans in that situation. Was it because they were weak that they were worried about the younger members of their species, or was that a normal trait of them? Considering Femradiel and Orgar's behavior, Ryan realized a long time ago that not all the monsters were bloodthirsty creatures that don't listen to reason, but

While Ryan was thinking about that, he noticed that some of the dragons were forming a circle in the middle of the forest. Instead of attacking all the monsters, they were making sure that they wanted to keep away anyone who might approach it they were trying to hide something.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1