Chapter 749: Reward

Chapter 749: Reward

That offer was way too good to be true. Perhaps their reserves of mithril weren't that impressive However, Ryan and Femradiel were asked to move away a little bit in order for them to gather their mithril, and when they returned, they found a small mountain of mithril that was the size of a full-sized pendragon.

"I thought you guys would use this to feed yourselves" Ryan frowned. "How can you easily give away all your mithril?"

"I thought I told you that we couldn't reveal certain things about ourselves," Nakine said. "Is this enough for the three domains?"

"Sure," Ryan said. "We are in a hurry here, so we will Teleport those who are going to become the new dungeon masters and then we will help train your new army. Still, we will only do so for three days."

"That is acceptable," Nakine said. "After three days, we will have the current location of your friend."

That was hard to believe, but in the end, Ryan didn't ask how he was going to do that. It was probably related to the secrets of their tribe. Ryan imagined that Femradiel would complain since that seemed a roundabout way to do things. Still, in the end, she realized that at some point, they will need an army of monsters, and the domains will help with that.

"So, we are going to split up?" Femradiel asked. "And do what else for the next three days?"

"Just let the newly spawned monsters freely attack us," Ryan replied. "Usually, defeating monsters is the best way to grow stronger, but even fighting without winning and training can be effective. The level up speed will grow even faster the more monsters are spawned, so don't kill any of them."

"That seems like a pretty annoying job" Femradiel frowned. "I guess I will use the familiar for that."

Ryan considered that and also concluded that using some summons will help as well. Knowing those dragons, he doubted that they would use long-ranged creatures to build their army, so using other targets might be necessary. In the end, neither Nelron nor Nakine went with Ryan and Femradiel to the domains. Only three pendragons left the giant forest with them. While they were leagues above from Nelron, it didn't seem like the tribe was betting their coins on them. It was hard to bet their coins on anything since the tribe didn't have even fifty dragons.

After leaving one of the three in the lich's dungeon, Ryan and Femradiel headed toward the other two. Since both of them could use Teleport, there was no need to waste any time by going together.

"Let's make a bet Ryan," Femradiel said. "The one who makes the dungeon level increase more has the right to give one order to the other. The loser has to obey anything."

"... Alright," Ryan facepalmed after a long sigh. "It is a promise."

Whatever Femradiel might ask, she probably won't go too far in the middle of that important mission. Still, she looked strangely excited when they split up. Once again, Ryan recalled how she was before, cold and collected like a true ice dragon, but now it was hard to picture her like a dragon, much less like an ice one.

Feeling the presence of monsters inside a dungeon was nearly impossible. Still, in the end, Ryan couldn't take his chances and risk the whole plan of giving a chance to the pendragons to obtain an army. Since that would be the first step, it was particularly important to create a decent army. Still, Ryan solved the issue by using Shapeshifting and becoming a large human.

When the dragon finally obtained control over the domain and chose which type of monster he would control, Ryan couldn't help but frown a little bit. That dungeon was the one that spawned metallic knights, so even though all the dungeons were back to level one, the monster book should have plenty of interesting monsters to summon, but the dragon chose the chimeras. From Ryan's perspective, the chimeras were pretty balanced and could even fly, but the metallic knights seemed like the best option to them.

"Why did you choose chimeras?" Ryan asked.

"Because in case we need it, we can eat them. The poison in their bodies is something that many of them like to drink when munching their bodies."

Ryan changed his mind again. When he saw Nelron and Nakine talking, he thought that dragons weren't so different from humans, but that reminded him of the real truth. Regardless, Ryan returns to the dungeon, and the chimeras attack him as they see fit. At first, the level one chimeras barely could scratch his body. Still, after one hour, dozens of them alongside the boss finally reached level twenty, and their poison began to damage him.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

"That was fast" Ryan thought.

Maybe that was a good opportunity for Ryan to increase his defensive power. Regardless, Ryan began to use Purification and Heal. Still, in the end, it would take quite a while before he began to feel his mana pool decreasing at all. The boredom gave him the idea to use Ruby Arrows. While those could seal a good part of the health of the target, ultimately, they couldn't cause mortal damage, so it was perfect.

"Oh, yeah. This is the perfect chance to train Memory Manipulation," Ryan said. "Let's see if I let the poison accumulate until it reaches critical levels and then repeat that moment in my head several times"

Ryan had no idea if that tactic could work with passive skills, but it was worth trying. He let the chimeras hit him with Poison Arrows until his whole body turned purple. Those only caused small scratches, but the damage was more than enough to give the poison the chance to penetrate his body. Still, that was just the first step. The poison began to circulate around his body, and Ryan felt his body growing hot. At the same time, his blood paralyzed his limbs and ate away his health.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1