Chapter 746: Is That A Giant Robot?

Chapter 746: Is that a giant robot?

As it turned out, Ryan didn't have to look for them. Out of nowhere, a giant semi-blue robot appeared near the dragons that were fighting in the North and with a single slap, he made them fall on the ground. That probably was the dungeon master that controlled the Metallic Knights. Soon after, the giant robot fired a beam of energy in the forest, and Ryan saw dozens of Death Knights being burned to a crisp.

"Holy shit is that a mecha?" Ryan asked. "That is fricking amazing."

It didn't have the visuals like the ones Ryan saw on TV that were made to impress kids, but it certainly had the size and the weapons. The same way the giant robot appeared, a creature that resembled a reaper suddenly fired a massive bone spear at the giant robot. Ryan imagined that the attack wouldn't cause much damage, but in the end, the spear pierced the metal and made the giant robot tremble from head to toe.

"We found them, but fighting them at the same time will be difficult," Femradiel said. "We should split up and deal with them separately."

Femradiel has been gaining a lot of power lately. Still, Ryan didn't imagine she could take one of those creatures along with her current powers. Still, in the end, he agreed with her plan and passed to her the Vengeful Sea Crossbow.

"Take care of the giant robot," Ryan said. "I will deal with the other one. Warn me if something happens, all right?""

Considering their difference in size, Ryan should fight the giant robot and then let Femradiel face the weird-looking creature that resembled a reaper. Still, he assumed that she would have an easier time against a monster that wasn't that fast.

???  ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Ryan and Femradiel teleported and tried to attack the creatures by surprise, but that didn't work. The very moment they appeared, both of them stopped their fights and looked toward their direction. Naturally, Ryan stood out more since he was in his draconic form, and the corruption could be seen in his body.

Under the cloak, Ryan couldn't see that creature very well, but he was one hundred percent sure the Death Knight's master was a mage-type that doesn't rely on weapons to fight.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Ryan lost his momentum when his surprise attack didn't work. Still, before the enemy could try to use any skill to see his status and skills, he teleported again and tried to punch the creature from above. However, a wall made of bones stopped his entire attack. His punch made some cracks, but it looked like one or two wouldn't be enough to break it.

"I didn't want to show my real fighting style in this type of fight since it is bound that intel about us is about to spread, but oh, well" Ryan thought.

The cloaked figure turned around and then tried to bombard Ryan with bone arrows, but he was caught off guard when Ryan bombarded him with his own arrows. Despite that, the creature insisted, imagining that Ryan probably would run out of mana on his arrows wouldn't last long enough due to their magical nature. For a short while, the arrows just canceled each other right. Still, eventually, Ryan won the exchange because he was using copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow. Those were especially good to weaken magic attacks, even if bones had physical strength and endurance.

The cloaked figure was forced to back down without any other choice, but he just moved a few meters backward. It seemed that they had pride in being a mage that doesn't need to move. After all, anyone with half of a brain would move away from a dragon whose body is almost taken by the corruption.

Ryan insisted on bombarding him with the same bolts, but then he was forced to stop when several bone spears appeared around him, and they were dropping some weird liquid from the tip. The purple liquid made him feel shivers, even before they could move toward him.

Ryan used Teleport, but weirdly enough, the spears followed him. That was a type of attack he didn't see before and before he could understand it, it pierced his body to some extent. Frost Armor stopped the spears from piercing his flesh with all its power, but it had been just enough for the weird liquid to touch the wounds and make Ryan feel his body getting asleep.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

The wounds were small, they could even be called scratches, but Ryan's body was getting asleep as if he had drunk the stuff. He panicked for a short while until he understood that his mind was working the same as usual. While he was starting to fall, he began to use Purification. Also, he attacked the cloaked creature with the Hydra's bow from behind. Still, once again, another bone wall appeared and blocked the attack.

"I guess this might take a while" Ryan thought.

Femradiel was fighting well against the giant robot. As for the dragons in the area, they were only there to prevent the monsters from attacking the weaker ones. The very moment the enemies changed their attention, they decided to escape. Nelron was helping them with the evacuation. It was amazing that they survived this far when they couldn't even afford to give a hand to those that just came to help. Regardless, Ryan managed to slow down the effects of poison, but things will be all over if he is hit again. He had to change his tactics against that creature

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1