Chapter 742: Terrible Liar

Chapter 742: Terrible liar

Once Nelron could move his body completely, those three left the dungeon and teleported in the direction he mentioned. He was surprised when such a skill easily worked on him. It seemed he didn't see anyone using Teleport before. This was weird, given that dragons were supposed to be powerful creatures who obtained a lot of knowledge during their lives.

Although using Teleport was the fastest way to move, it cost a lot of mana, even more so considering that Ryan had to use mana to teleport three people. While he could save some time by using Soul Eater, it was a bit soon for that.

"So, this is the legendary spell Teleport," Nelron said.

"You are a three hundred years old dragon and you never found someone who could use it?" Femradiel asked.

"I found some enemies that could use it, but our species never had the chance to obtain it," Nelron replied. "At least not in the last three hundred years."

That was weird, considering they have been fighting for the last centuries. Still, considering that the dungeon masters knew how to level up their dungeon as fast as possible and create armies as long as they had coins, it was obvious that any native species was bound to face extinction from an outsider's perspective.

"I guess just like humans, monsters need to have some accomplishments in order to have access to more advanced skills on the system," Femradiel said. "Since the only thing you guys did was protect your bases, it is only obvious that you didn't defeat Many foes. That is why your skills are so basic. Maybe Skill Bestowal will come in handy here, Ryan."

"I won't give skills to anyone for free," Ryan said.

"So stingy" Femradiel said and then sighed. "Do you have anything of value with you?"

"No, but we have some mithril in our camp," Nelron said. "It seems you have some weird powers and you are thinking of using them to help us, is that right?"

"That will depend," Ryan said. "Anyway, just obtaining a mithril isn't enough, I need to know how to forge weapons with it."

Nelron looked at Ryan and Femradiel as if he was thinking about something. It was pretty obvious that he was considering what type of Intel he should share with them. But in the end, they obtained an unexpected answer.

"While mithril is made of highly condensed mana, you can use it like most metals," Nelron said. "Just heat it with powerful fire magic and it will melt, after that, you can give it any shape. After a while, the mithril will recover its solid form, so you can skip the hardening part of the forge."

"Interesting anything else?" Ryan asked. "This information is pretty simple, so there was no reason for you to hesitate in sharing it with us. You were thinking about sharing other types of information, right?"

"... No," Nelron looked away.

"You are a terrible liar," Ryan said.

"Let's focus on the task ahead and only after that, we can worry about such a thing, Ryan," Femradiel said. "If we follow this path, we are bound to find one of the three armies. What is the plan?"

"No point in letting the enemies know about us, let's crush the one in our path in order to prevent trouble later on," Ryan said. "Besides, I think the more domains we have in this world, the better."

"Do you want even more coins?" Femradiel asked.

"I want the domains not for the coins, but to use them as hideouts," Ryan said. "If we have several of them, once the other dungeon masters begin to hunt us, they will have to waste some time looking. This planet is massive, so I doubt that they can find us before we can move on to other areas."

Femradiel nodded. That was an actually decent idea for the usually hot-blooded Ryan. Perhaps they can even hide the dragons in such domains. Considering Nelron's current power level, only hundreds of them would be useful in a fight against the dungeon masters.

"Nelron and I will draw their attention, you will focus on detecting possible enemies nearby," Ryan said.

"Eh, I want to fight too," Femradiel protested.

"The big guns here are the elder gods, but we can't forget that there are other dungeon masters lurking around waiting for a chance to capture the dragons," Ryan said. "Speaking of which why that lich captured you, it won't be worth the hassle to transport you just for a single dragon heart. Maybe he wanted to discover the location of your tribe, but I feel like he wouldn't be able to do anything since your tribe was once surrounded by four dungeon masters"

"Maybe he wanted to know about some places to mine mithril," Femradiel said.

Ryan wanted an answer from Nelron, but he acted as if Femradiel's answer was the correct one. However, Ryan didn't fall for that. Alissa learned a lot in the other dragon world, so most likely, the dragons in this world also had some valuable information regarding all kinds of things. The lich probably wanted that, and Nelron obviously was hesitating in sharing all the information he had.

Before Ryan could try to squeeze any information out of the dragon, several hours passed, and Feramdiel finally warned him that the enemy was close ahead. They traveled in six hours, the distance that Nelron would usually travel in four days. As for the enemies ahead They were the goblin champions, but they were way stronger than Ryan recalled, and that was his impression even before he used Appraisal. The monsters looked like a proper army, and thousands of them had armor and weapons made of mithril.

"I wonder how much mithril they mine every day" Ryan frowned.

"Those weapons aren't made of mithril, they just covered their real weapons with a thin layer," Nelron explained. "Even so, that is more than enough to increase their power and durability."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1