Chapter 743: It Should Work

Chapter 743: It should work

Goblin Champion  Lv Max

Health: 77.000/77.000

Mana: 19.000/19.000

Stamina: 56.000/56.000

Strength: 8500 (+1600)

Dexterity: 3200

Speed: 2500

Intelligence: 2500 (+500)

Endurance: 5500 (+1300)

Control: 2250

Mentality: 5500 (+1300)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 20.000 (+4500)

Willpower: 5500 (+1300)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv Max, Body Slam Lv 690

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 740, Improved Recovery Lv 650, Augmented Endurance Lv 590

Spells: Regeneration Lv 850, Strong Arms Lv 730, Flash Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 760, Cold Resistance Lv 590, Shock Resistance Lv 690, Earth Resistance Lv 550

The goblin champions weren't as impressive as Ryan had imagined. Still, then he recalled that their strength comes from the numbers and from the fact that they were using armor and weapons covered with a layer of mithril.

"Picking a fight with them and letting the fight drag out isn't a good idea," Ryan said. "Well, that much was obvious considering that we also need to defeat the dungeon master before they can react in any way."

"Their numbers are close to twenty thousand pretty high considering that they fought some dragons recently," Femradiel said. "Considering their gear, I don't think you will be able to defeat the army fast enough without relying on Draconic Transformation. Still, it is up to you."

Ryan could only nod. In the end, to defeat one of the three enemies ahead, he will have to expose himself. The chances of them finding him thanks to the corruption were pretty high, even if Ryan finishes off the army of goblins as fast as possible. Suppose Ryan decides to attack from above with a large area of effect attack. In that case, he won't give the dungeon master the chance to react in any way, but the other two will raise their guard upon noticing so much mana being used. Unfortunately, it seemed that was the only option available. No matter what happens, he will have to defeat the goblins' dungeon master.

"Stay low," Ryan said and then teleported too high in the sky.

Just like that planet was massive, it took a while for Ryan to reach the extreme end of that world's atmosphere. Fortunately, it didn't seem like he will have to leave the planet to attack. He was more than six hundred miles above the ground level, so even if the enemies notice his attack, they won't be able to react on time.

"This should speed up things a little bit," Ryan said after he summoned Poseidon's trident.

Ryan's control and power over water increased a little bit. Thanks to that, he created a special sphere of ice. His ability to manipulate that kind of element increased so much that he could even gather mana around it and only make it take shape upon hitting the target. Right now, Ryan didn't need to cause much damage, but he needed to freeze everything in the area.

When the sphere was as big as himself, Ryan fired downward and to the core of the goblins' army. After just a few seconds, his attack hit the army, and then a massive wave of ice spread around the area. Everything in a radius of thirty kilometers was covered in ice. Even though Ryan focused on the effect instead of causing damage, he still killed many of the goblins. His attack had been a success bigger than he had ever imagined. Maybe he should focus on that kind of strategy more.

You obtained 760 coins.

You obtained 760 coins.

You obtained 760 coins.

Without wasting time, Ryan teleported below and then moved to the dungeon that was right in the middle of one of the mountains that were now covered in ice. He arrived on time to also find something near the crystal inside the dungeon. Even though Ryan didn't try to freeze anything in there, he froze the dungeon master for a short while.

???  ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

"Ah shit" Ryan said. "Seriously, why again?"

Much to Ryan's surprise, the dungeon master was a buffy goblin. Still, despite that, the creature easily freed itself from the ice and then touched the blue crystal. Ryan sighed since the goblin was wearing full plate armor made of mithril. Aside from the elder gods, Ryan didn't find any warrior-type creature that had skills on par with Absolute Appraisal.

Regardless, Ryan soon chased the creature to the other side. After touching the crystal, Ryan felt shivers when the first thing he saw was a massive sword being swung downward toward him. He tried to use Teleport, but for some reason, the skill didn't work. Without any other choice, he blocked the attack with his arms. The massive sword made of unknown metal cut the first layer of skin on Ryan's arms. Still, ultimately, the power behind the attack wasn't that high despite its size.

Ryan finally had the chance to see that the goblin had turned into a five hundred meters tall one. He probably used Transform or Shapeshifting to increase his attack's power and scare Ryan by swinging a weapon of that side. Upon noticing that it wouldn't overpower Ryan, the dungeon master decreased the strength of his grip on the sword and then kicked Ryan.

The attack didn't catch Ryan off guard, but the sword's size prevented Ryan from moving. In the end, he just clenched his teeth as the kick approached him. Ryan's ribs broke due to that attack, but in the end, he also surprised the enemy by bombarding his face with magic copies of the Hydra's bows.

The attacks didn't end, not even while Ryan was rolling on the ground in his draconic form. The giant goblin tried to block the attack. Still, at the end, not even his full plate mithril armor protected his entire body, and due to its size, he wasn't fast enough to dodge it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1