Chapter 744: Mithril Sword Of The Suffering

Chapter 744: Mithril sword of the suffering

When Ryan recovered from the kick, the massive goblin was nowhere to be seen. However, he soon appeared on his normal size, swinging a mithril sword toward him. Instant movement spells weren't working for some reason, so Ryan used Ice Breath to attack him. The attack slowed down the goblin, but only half for a second. Ryan used Evading Shot to move away from the slash, and that skill worked. However, he heard a weird sound coming from the space that the swing cut almost as if it had turned into a vacuum.

"That is dangerous" Ryan frowned.

The goblin didn't give Ryan the chance to think and soon charged toward him again. Even though its size and power decreased a little bit, his speed increased exponentially, to the point where even Ryan. At the same time, Haste was active, and was having a hard time following him with his eyes.

Since it worked once, Ryan used Evading Shot again to escape the enemy's attacks. Ryan escaped all the slashes, but eventually, he hit his back against an invisible barrier. As expected, the enemy had set a barrier to prevent certain skills. The goblin smiled upon noticing that Ryan had nowhere to run, and he dashed even faster than before.

In the end, Ryan smirked while he opened his arm and accepted the attack. In the last moment, for some reason, the goblins' attack slowed down thanks to Sloth Aura. That decrease in speed had been just enough for Ryan to move his arms and then crush the goblins' head from the sides. Despite their differences in size and weight, the goblin still recovered from the shock, but not before Ryan finished him by bombarding him with the Hydra's bow.

You obtained 75.352.741 coins.

"Son of a bitch ouch," Ryan said upon taking the mithril sword that opened a big wound on his chest. "What the heck is wrong with this sword?"

Mithril Sword of the Suffering.

Effect: A special sword that causes extra damage based on the endurance of the target. It causes ten percent of extra damage based on the enemy's endurance.

Strength + 2400, Speed + 1200, Dexterity + 1200.

Durability: 1800/1800

"Holy shit" Ryan said. "What kind of monster did this guy use to obtain this kind of enchantment?"

The mithril sword was similar to the big one the goblin used, but even though it looked like a toothpick when compared. It was much more powerful. However, the goblin couldn't use it on his giant form. Still, Ryan decided to store both in his vault. It was a pity that he killed the goblin before he could use Wolf's Greed or turn him into a weapon, but that was only Ryan's greed working on his head.

"Let's see this guy only had dungeons in four worlds, huh," Ryan frowned. "I guess Nelson's tribe got lucky since they have been surrounded by small fries."

Ryan almost obtained ownership of that domain, but he decided not to do it in the end. Even though the quality of the sword wasn't that impressive, it was a powerful weapon. With that in mind, Ryan decided to use the domain to trade for mithril, and the dragons' tribe probably had mountains of it.

After returning to the dragons' world, Ryan saw Femradiel finishing off some of the goblins. It seemed that the thin layer of mithril saved their lives. Fortunately, she also acted fast enough to gather their gear. Using them alongside Mana-Eater will grant them the chance to recover a lot of mana.

"You took your time," Femradiel said. "As expected, you are helpless without me."

"Anyway, it seems you guys got lucky," Ryan said. "So far, these dungeon masters can't even be compared to the real enemies that you should worry about."

"I know what you are saying, and we also know that we are lucky," Nelson said. "We abandoned a good part of the world because some mithril mines are in certain regions, and we decided to leave those areas, even though it is easier to find food and better places to live. The real enemies are concentrated in those areas. Still, even so, we are having a hard time dealing even with the new enemies that appeared in the last one hundred or so years."

"Regardless this domain is free, and I have no use for it," Ryan said. "How much do you can pay for a place where your people will be relatively safe?"

"Ryan" Femradiel said. "This is hardly the time let's find Alissa first, and then we can worry about business."

"I want to find her, and that is why I want mithril," Ryan said. "I just tried to crush the head of a goblin with both of my arms, but I failed since he was using full plate mithril armor. Look at this."

Ryan summoned the armor that the goblin used, and Femradiel noticed that it was completely unscathed. Mithril could turn even ordinary monsters into fearsome targets. The Hydra's bow was one of the most powerful weapons Ryan created, and yet, it didn't damage even a single bit of the mithril.

"Well, you don't have to answer me that. You are probably a recruit of your tribe, right?" Ryan said. "Let's deal with the other enemies and then head to that forest."

Although time was of the essence, they couldn't just leave the corpses behind and their gear. According to Femradiel, no one noticed the fight or their actions thanks to Ryan's fast attacks, but it was only a matter of time.

After the clean-up, they resumed their travel toward the giant forest. This time, things proceeded even faster than before because Ryan and Femradiel used the goblins equipment alongside Mana-Eater. Since their speed was excellent, Ryan and Femradiel decided to head toward the dungeon that was on the West of the forest and then get rid of the enemies there. However, they found something unexpected at such a place an almost completely empty dungeon. The monsters were nowhere to be seen.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1