Chapter 759: Draconic Archer

Chapter 759: Draconic Archer

For the sake of appearances, Ryan decided to let Nakine call the shots. He would decide when to move and how to proceed. Two hundred pendragons were working with them now, and their morale could only be raised by one of them.

"We are ready to go," Nakine said.

"Finally," Ryan said.

"My apologies, it took a while to convince the older dragons to let you two use the crystal of their tribe," Nakine explained. "While you helped us and it is thanks to you that we won this battle, it still is something that never happened before let creatures of other species use it."

The battle happened on one side of the First Ice Mountains, and the second tribe was located on the other. They traveled for three hours, but they didn't find any village until the dragons led them to an underground route. Weirdly enough, the second tribe had an underground base. Thanks to that, they managed to stay in that location for two hundred years, but also, thanks to that, the dragons seemed weaker than Nelron, who was a young dragon if compared to them.

When Ryan and Femradiel approached the crystal, all the dragons formed a circle to confirm that there was a weird species that had their blood. It was surprising that they didn't know about humans, even though they have been part of the mana system for so long.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Eyes, Draconic Bow, and Draconic Dexterity.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Eyes.

Effect: It grants you the power to see mana directly and even inside the body of others. You can also find traces of mana in the ambient.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Bow.

Effect: It grants the power to summon a special bow that is created by using your very soul that will cause damage according to your spirit level.

Cost: all your mana

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Dexterity.

Effect: It permanently increases your dexterity by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

"I am starting to get addicted to this," Ryan said. "At this pace, my dexterity will reach the fifth thousand mark in the blink of an eye."

"Are you putting all the extra points in dexterity?" Femradiel frowned. "You are too focused on causing damage with long-ranged weapons, even though you always try to use cheap tricks instead of them."

Only on special occasions," Ryan said. "Anyway, when are we going to attack the next dungeon masters?"

Nakine looked at his allies and wondered about it. Ryan knew that the second tribe wasn't that strong and that the dragons that had been freed will need some time to recover their strength. However, they didn't have time to wait.

"The next dungeon masters are more powerful and cautious, while they don't work together, they have been in this world for three centuries," Nakine said. "Defeating them won't be easy, even more so because the situations of the captured dragons are a bit different."

"How so?" Ryan asked.

"The dragons have been put under a powerful illusory spell and now they have become a part of the enemy's army," Nakine explained. "All of the next targets are good at using that kind of technique, that is why I wanted some time to prepare, the weaker we are, the later we will notice if we fall under their illusions and the later we notice, the harder it will be to free ourselves from it."

Ryan had some experience with illusions. When he faced the succubus, and when he met Thanatos for the first time, he used an illusion-like spell to read his mind. Still, it has been too long, and he never had to deal with that kind of power directly. Not to mention, the enemies this time were dungeon masters stronger than the previous ones, so not even Ryan knew what to expect.

"What about the monsters under their control?" Ryan asked.

"They are endurance type monsters that are pretty good at long-ranged attacks," Nakine explained. "They are Electric Golems, Iron Golems, and Ice Golems."

That was weird the dungeon masters weren't allies, but their skills were similar, and even the type of monsters they controlled was the same that was too much of a coincidence.

"As if their powers and armies aren't enough, they each have fifty dragons under their control," Nakine added. "We won't be able to take the armies and our friends at the same time. Rather, we don't want to kill them."

"... Why are their skills, armies and number of dragons so even?" Femradiel frowned.

"I don't know, but whenever a big fight starts, they try to interfere and attack each other," Nakine replied. "Maybe it is some time of competition between dungeon masters, but thanks to it, some dragons managed to escape from their ambushes while they fought against each other."

The next mission seemed a pretty difficult and weird one, but Ryan still didn't want to wait for too long. Considering that they were mage-types and too big of an attack will be detected by them, so Ryan won't be able to take their armies with the usually concentrated strike from above.

"I guess our only option is to take the fight to their turf," Ryan said. "If we are fast enough, the other dungeon masters won't notice and thus interfere. Let's use the old stealth tactic."

"I wonder if things will be that simple" Femradiel said.

Ryan didn't like to hear that because Femradiel always is right in some way or the other. Not to mention, the last time she said something like that, Ryan picked the wrong fight, and Femradiel ended up captured. Ryan will have to use some countermeasures in order to prevent that kind of trouble.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1