Chapter 753: Draconic Knight

Chapter 753: Draconic Knight

"This power can only be received by those who have draconic blood, so you two fit the criteria," Nakine said.

Ryan wasn't so sure of that but then he recalled that when he made the pact with Femradiel, he obtained the DNA of a lesser dragon, and when he was fighting Poseidon, that was upgraded. Perhaps Nakine was right, but Ryan still couldn't help but hesitate. Obtaining power like that seemed too good to be true then again, it was very similar to the power that he gets after clearing dungeons. After thinking for a few more moments, Ryan and Femradiel touched the crystal at the same time.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Xenolingualism, Draconic Sword, and Draconic Hunger.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Xenolingualism.

Effect: It grants you the power to speak, write, understand and communicate in alien languages, including writing, with little or no training.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Sword.

Effect: It grants the power to summon a special sword that is created by using your very soul that will cause damage according to your spirit level.

Cost: all your mana

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Hunger.

Effect: It grants you the power to eat anything that has mana, assimilating the energy stored in it alongside the knowledge of the effects.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Ryan couldn't help but frown after seeing the notifications to think that he would obtain a class at such a moment and a class that was on par with the ones he received after defeating Thanatos, Poseidon, and Belphegor Still, considering the history of that world, that wasn't supposed to be that shocking.

"This is" Ryan said.

"Pretty neat, huh," Femradiel said. "Now we can talk with aliens without worrying about the language barrier and we can also eat weapons and armor like they are real food. I can't wait to see how tasty certain magical weapons can be."

It was hard to say if Femradiel was joking or not. Either way, Ryan was more interested in the fact that the skills came already at the max level. A few months ago, he discovered that one hundred wasn't the max level. Still, he didn't imagine it was actually one thousand. Why did humans have that kind of limit without draconic powers?

"It seems both of you adapted well to the power," Nakine said. "I imagined that you would feel some headaches and dizziness just like the rest of us thanks to the boost in power, but it seemed that your blood is even stronger than ours."

"Anyway, the trip is going to be long, so who is going with us?" Ryan asked.

"Half of us will stay and the other half will go with you," Nakine replied. "We need some preparations to move the crystal, so it can't be helped. Fortunately, we no longer have enemies in the area, so we can afford to send our strongest warriors with your group."

Ryan wasn't so sure of that. Even if there were no enemies nearby, any decent dungeon master could pass nearby the dungeons without being found out. If they had Soul Eater and Teleport, then it was visibly impossible to prevent surprise attacks. Regardless, it was Nakine's choice, and whatever happens due to it, the responsibility will be his.

Although Nelron would stay behind and Nakine would lead twenty or so pendragons to help Ryan and Femradiel, they couldn't afford to go together. Ryan didn't have enough mana to Teleport so many creatures at the same time. However, if he doesn't try to do it, they will take too long to reach their destination.

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan said and then sighed. "I will teach you guys Teleport, but I will need some form of payment."

That group didn't have anything with them, but they had their Draconic powers and their own version of bestowal magic. A small sphere of energy left their bodies and then entered Ryan's. He imagined something weird might happen, but he only felt lighter and full of energy in the end.

Congratulations! The skill Draconic Transformation has leveled up. (x35)

You obtained 35 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Frost Armor has leveled up. (x35)

You obtained 35 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Ice Breath has leveled up. (x35)

You obtained 35 status points.

It looked like instead of giving Ryan any real power, the dragons made his Draconic skills stronger somehow. Regardless, he welcomed that. Thanks to it, Ryan gladly gave them Teleport. Thanks to that, their movement speed increased exponentially. Still, it will take time for them to reach the same level as Ryan and Femradiel's, even with their massive mana pool.

"Normally, you would be against moving alongside such a large group," Femradiel said. "Why didn't you try to make Nakine and his allies follow us from a safe distance?"

"Right now, all the dungeon masters that heard about Alissa and the fight of yesterday, are completely focused on her, so we can afford to assume some risks." Ryan replied. "Besides, if we leave them behind and find some opportunity before regrouping, I will try to capitalize it and that might mess up things here in this world. So, I want to hear their opinions whenever something happens."

In the end, Ryan didn't want to accept the fate of that entire world on his back. He didn't want to even have that kind of trouble on Earth. While he was strong and could make a difference in both worlds, Ryan wanted to believe that when he fails, if he fails, not everything will be lost.

In the end, that trip lasted for an entire week. Ryan's head started to hurt whenever he thought that he would need to make the inverse path in order to return to Earth hopefully, things won't change all that much there during those few weeks.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1