Chapter 758: Vibrating Crossbow

Chapter 758: Vibrating Crossbow

While Ryan made the dungeon see the moment he caused that explosion several times, Soul Eater drained all of its mana. A dungeon master of that level would notice it was weird sooner or later. That is why Ryan made sure to make the creature experience those seconds, and then Ryan replicated the memory before deleting it. It was a pretty nasty way to defeat an enemy, but Ryan would do anything to reach his goals.

"I wished that I had thought of this sooner by teleporting to far away, no one would be able to find us fast enough, thus I wouldn't have to hold back anymore," Ryan said. "Oh, well liv and learn."

Although Soul Eater was draining lots of mana every second, it took quite a while for the dungeon master to run out of juice. The reason being was the crystal-like parts on their bodies it served like a battery that could store more energy than their bodies could withstand. Regardless, Ryan used that same mana to fuel his plan, and eventually, the dungeon master fell.

You obtained 195.956.325 coins.

Vibrating Crossbow

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a beam of vibrating air at supersonic speeds. The damage will be equal to your dexterity plus your intelligence and a certain percentage based on the levels of all your elemental skills related to wind.

Cost: 1500 mana per second.

Dexterity + 700, Intelligence + 500

Durability: 400/400

"I should have made a crossbow made of mithril sooner" Ryan said. "Still, this weapon will be pretty useful."

It was weird to have a crossbow that could fire a continuous beam of wind magic. Still, it sounded pretty cool Ryan suddenly recalled that Femradiel still was fighting, and then he returned to that area, only to find another massive crater and Femradiel covered in blood holding the blue dungeon master by the neck.

"Are you fine?" Ryan asked.

"Yeah just dropped my guard for a second," Femradiel said. "The Ice Phoenix saved me."

It looked like Femradiel used her familiars to fight. Ryan tried to summon the Ice Phoenix. Still, he failed he will need a lot more mana to summon her since she lost all her lives protecting Femradiel. It was weird to refer to them as different entities, but Ryan couldn't help but do so.

"What about the other battlefield?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan used Clairvoyance to check things with Nakine, and then he frowned he saw them overwhelming the army of zombies. While they could do a lot more since they could fly, something was off the number of pendragons had increased a lot.

After healing their wounds, Ryan and Femradiel approached Nakine, and even though he was a serious dragon that had to endure his species being hunted down and humiliated by the dungeon masters, he welcomed them with a smile. He was in a good mood since his species won a battle against the dungeon masters for the first time in hundreds of years.

"Who are these guys?" Ryan asked.

"The members of another tribe, they came to help," Nakine said.

"How would they know that we were going to attack the dungeon masters?" Ryan frowned, visibly irritated since he already knew the answer.

"My apologies, I said that to them," Nakine said. "I asked for their help by informing them that we would attack the dungeon masters, but they didn't think that we would actually win, so they never answered if they were going to help us or not."

Ryan didn't dislike rational people. When things changed on Earth, Ryan himself made many choices where he avoided unnecessary danger. Still, he never joined a fight after someone started, and that made his chances of winning and surviving increase. Still, he couldn't even complain since he was being paid to help.

"Whatever just select the dragons who will take the domains," Ryan said. "We won't get the coins; the new dungeon masters should use them to make the new spawned monsters' level up faster."

A lot of the dragons didn't like Ryan's attitude and tone, but they didn't have the nerve to complain. They could understand the hesitation of their allies, but they also could understand the reason behind Ryan's anger.

After giving a hand in order to finish of the remaining zombies, Ryan and Femradiel decided to rest for a short while. They couldn't stay still and let the new monsters hit them for three days straight again, but helping them level up at least for a single day was necessary. Not to mention, they needed to give Alissa the chance to find them if she still was in the area. Unfortunately, it looked like she wasn't.

While Ryan and Femradiel were helping the new dungeon masters, Nakine and his group spent the day freeing the dragons on the domains. Many of them weakened quite a bit during decades of confinement. Most of them had been drugged to stay unconscious and being unable to react in any way. It was insane that many of those resisted for decades, but those who had been captured more than one hundred years ago those didn't survive.

"I guess this is a warning for us," Ryan said.

"What warning?" Femradiel asked.

"These dungeon masters have been capturing dragons for the past centuries, in order to gain power, but they still lost to us," Ryan explained. "To obtain true power, I can't afford to take any shortcuts."

"Well, there is also the fact that we didn't try to face both of them head-on at the same time," Femradiel said. "They underestimated us."

That seemed to be the case, but Ryan assumed that something else was missing in the end. The dungeon masters were powerful, but even if they worked together, Ryan doubted that they would win a battle of two vs. two. If Ryan and Femradiel went all out from the very beginning, they would have won regardless. Ryan concluded that the dungeon masters used a lot of their resources and power to take down Femradiel and ultimately failed thanks to it. Once they heard that the dungeon masters didn't have any mithril on their domains, that hypothesis was proved.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1