Chapter 756: Explosive

Chapter 756: Explosive

Ryan couldn't help but frown after hearing that. That was too good to be true Most likely, the dungeon master didn't find the pendragons yet. While Ryan was thinking if that was the case or not, he suddenly felt a shiver, and then he noticed the space distorting in front of him. Before he could react in any way, something exploded in front of him, and the impact made him fly backward.

"What was that" Ryan frowned.

The explosion happened right in front of his right eye, but he suffered only a few scratches. However, several explosions happened in front of him, and the impact made him move backwards even more. The red dungeon master also followed him that creature was the cause of it. It was annoying to let the enemy decide where the battle will take place, but Ryan decided to play along for the time being.

After a couple of minutes, the explosions finally stopped, and Ryan found himself near a desert. The explosions didn't cause much damage, but they sure made Ryan move far away from the dungeons. When Ryan finally stopped, he saw the enemy pointing his right index finger towards him, and before Ryan could do anything, he felt a sharp pain in his chest.

Ryan looked at his chest and saw a wound there, and he was bleeding quite a lot. Although he was in his human form, he couldn't remember a fight where he suffered such a powerful attack, one that surpassed even the abilities of his eyes. The red dungeon master 'fired' more of those weird attacks, and Ryan protected his body with his arms, but those weren't nearly enough to decrease the damage. While he was protecting his vitals, Ryan tried to see the attacks, but he failed at doing so. It wasn't an attack like Power of Money, he could feel the mana vibrating whenever it hit his body, but it wasn't at the same level as Thanatos' attacks either.

After getting tired of getting bit by an attack he couldn't understand, Ryan activated Frost Armor. Once again, he didn't want to show too much of his skills since a massive battle happened in that area a few days ago, so some other dungeon masters might be watching the current fight.

The enemy tried to hit the only part of Ryan's body that wasn't covered in the Frost Armor. However, the Frost Armor grew instantly and protected Ryan. Still, the amount of mana necessary to protect him wasn't something to laugh at.

Suddenly, Ryan used Flash and then approached the dungeon master. Still, the very moment he appeared in front of the creature, another explosion happened that made his entire Frost Armor crack. Once again, Ryan was sent flying backward, but at least he didn't suffer more than a few scratches.

"Another pain in the ass" Ryan sighed.

Ryan summoned his Aquatic Crossbow, and the enemy couldn't help but frown. Considering the mana the enemy could feel inside him, Ryan was obviously pulling his punches. He had to do it because those dungeon masters could cause an explosion that could destroy a massive area it wasn't enough to destroy a planet of that size. Still, it was more than enough to completely decimate Ryan.

The red dungeon master pointed both hands toward Ryan, and this time Ryan finally saw what happened and how the enemy attacked him. Still, before he could do anything, the explosion made him fly again. For a moment, Ryan lost consciousness, but then he healed himself before his back could hit against a mountain. Ryan's entire body cracked, and he regretted his choice of fighting in his human form.

"Shit the dungeon master is making the air vibrate," Ryan muttered while he waited for Full-Heal to mend his bones. "He is a really powerful wind mage since he can make all the air in a line vibrate causing an explosion almost instantly."

Although the dungeon master was skillful and fast, their abilities had limits. The more powerful the explosion, the more time they will need to prepare and the more obvious the attack will be. By making the air in a single line that was thick as their finger, the dungeon master could cause an instantaneous explosion. Still, by creating one that was thick as their fist, it gave Ryan the chance to see them vibrating and taking the shape of a tube.

Congratulations! The skill Death Sense has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

In the end, Ryan didn't even have time to think of a countermeasure, his skill warned him of the danger, and he used Teleport to move away from the mountain. In the end, the place he had been a moment ago trembled, and a crater appeared.

Ryan finally pointed his crossbow at the dungeon master and began to fire. Still, the projectiles exploded before they could get even five meters away from the creature. The creature was skilled enough to make a barrier of vibrating air

"I can use that, but" Ryan thought. "I can't show such trump cards yet."

Ryan moved around by using Flash since it seemed the dungeon master could only use that kind of attack in a straight line. At least the dungeon master only attacked like that so far, but then Ryan stopped and used Ice Breath. As expected, the constant explosions repelled the attack, but it didn't exactly win trade. Thanks to it, Ryan found a way to completely nullify that kind of attack.

While Ryan was using Ice Breath, he also used Clairvoyance to see the dungeon master from above. Soon after that, he activated Perfect Aim and pulled the trigger of his crossbow. Several bolts moved around the battlefield in a semi-circle until they moved toward the target. Still, in the end, even though the attack came from behind, the projectiles were repelled.

"Whatever this guy must have a limit to its mana" Ryan said.

The real problem was the fact that Ryan had an even more limited mana pool in his human form. Thanks to it, he was considering the possibility of using Draconic Transformation. Still, he would need something to use alongside it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1