Chapter 757: Failure

Chapter 757: Failure

Ryan needed an effective plan to kill the red dungeon master before they had the chance to cause an explosion like that one they used against Alissa. Still, he couldn't use his trump cards, at least not against regular dungeon masters. Hell, he didn't even want to use Draconic Transformation It was a bit risky, but since that might give him some insight, Ryan used Power of Money.

After canceling Ice Breath, Ryan used Power of Money, and he actually damaged the dungeon master. He aimed at the hands of the creature in order to prevent the explosion. Thanks to it, the red dungeon master couldn't help but frown while looking at both of its hands being bombarded by an attack that they couldn't see. Despite that, Ryan's attacks were causing only minor scratches which was weird. Each of those attacks was supposed to cause more than two thousand points of damage the target sure didn't look like a creature that had much more health than that.

Upon realizing that Ryan's attacks were only a minor nuisance, the dungeon master pointed their hands toward Ryan. However, the enemy was forced to stop when they saw Ryan creating what seemed to be a spear of light. That was one of Ryan's trump cards Light Solidification! But since he already used that kind of skill against Thanatos and Belphegor, he didn't feel the need to hide it.

Instead of using the regular attacks, the creature actually summoned a Mana Barrier just as Ryan expected. Even though it was solidified, that kind of skill probably won't repel the spear. Despite that, Ryan fired his spear anyway, and just as expected, an explosion of light enveloped the area.

Before the light could dissipate, a massive sword fell down on the red dungeon master. The surprise attack caught the enemy off guard, but the Mana Barrier protected the creature from suffering direct damage. The Mana Barrier with the dungeon inside it moved downward and only stopped after hitting the ground. Unfortunately, in the few moments between the attack and the impact, the creature managed to slow the movement. Thanks to it, the red dungeon master didn't suffer much damage.

Since he wasn't in his draconic form, he was spending a lot more energy trying to make the massive sword spin, and it wasn't as fast as before either. Still, it was the best thing Ryan could do right now. The dungeon master canceled Mana Barrier and made the air vibrate toward Ryan, but the sword protected him.

"Naturally, that thing can't use that attack while Mana Barrier is active" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Maybe I shouldn't have left the Vengeful Sea Crossbow with Femradiel."

Ryan had an idea, but he would need that other crossbow to put it in action. Regardless, the sword gave him some time to cool his head and think of a new plan. It was a bit risky, and it will be painful, but it might give him the chance to finish off the dungeon master before they can think of exploding everything.

After suddenly making the sword disappear, the red dungeon master was caught off guard when Ryan approached after using Teleport. The barrier of vibrating air made Ryan's skin explode hundreds of times in several places, but he ignored the pain and then grabbed the creature by the neck. His powerful grip made the creature choke, but it hadn't been enough to make the dungeon master pass out. Suddenly, all the air in the area began to vibrate, and Ryan knew that things wouldn't end well

Congratulations! The skill Death Sense has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Death Sense has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Suddenly, the dungeon master lost the power to control the particles of air around, and at the same time, things suddenly got very cold. When the dungeon master blinked, the creature finally noticed what had happened Ryan teleported both of them to outer space.

"There is no air here," Ryan said via Telepathy. "Hence, you can't explode anything."

Although that was true, it was clear who had more health in the current situation and it wasn't Ryan. However, he solved the issue by using Draconic Transformation. With the boost in size and power, the red dungeon master lost all the chance of escaping. Still not even with his current strength, Ryan managed to finish off the creature. Suddenly, Ryan felt an invisible barrier trying to pull him away from the dungeon master It was a wind barrier. One that was quickly dissipating since it was close to impossible to control air in outer space still, the dungeon master was almost succeeding at it. The creature was trying to create an explosion in outer space. That was ridiculous but the dungeon master sure had enough mana to try to improvise.

Out of nowhere, Ryan suddenly lost sight of everything. He still could sense that he was holding the dungeon master on his left hand, but something changed. It didn't take long for Ryan to understand that the son of a bitch suddenly created a massive sphere of the earth around them and quickly filled the interior with air.

"Fuck me" Ryan said.

The dungeon master made the interior of the sphere explode. In the end, Ryan could have escaped by using Teleport, but he would have saved the dungeon master as well. He could have let the creature go, but he wouldn't let it escape right at that moment. Ryan's skin and scales were pulled off by the explosion, and his health reached dangerous levels, but he never let the dungeon master go.

"Finally annoying asshole," Ryan thought and then activated Mana Barrier to sigh and escape from the damage that he was receiving in outer space.

The dungeon master finally stopped moving not because they were dead, but because Ryan was using Memory Manipulation. Everything didn't go exactly as planned, but Ryan won. Still, just to make sure the creature won't notice anything weird, Ryan drained all its mana with the Soul Eater.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1