Chapter 764: Draconic Warrior

Chapter 764: Draconic Warrior

Once again, Ryan, Femradiel, and the others spent one day dealing with the aftermath of the battle. Although the momentum was on their side, they couldn't afford to just look for the other fight. According to Nakine, things will only get more complicated, even though they had more powerful allies on their side, and the reason for that was the power of the next enemies.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Warrior!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Health, Draconic Strength, and Draconic Endurance.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Health.

Effect: It permanently increases your health by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Strength.

Effect: It permanently increases your Strength by one hundred points by each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Endurance.

Effect: It permanently increases your endurance by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Fortunately, the new class improved Ryan's mood. He had been fighting with his fists a lot lately, but he wasn't obtaining the results that he wanted. Perhaps with this power-up, things will change a little bit. Otherwise, Ryan will have to give up on using the advantage of his size during some fights. That didn't seem like a good idea. Ryan felt like he would gain more by scaring his opponents first, since dragons were scary, and then use his best long-ranged skills to finish off the bastards.

While Ryan and Femradiel were helping the new dungeon masters to level up their monsters, Nakine suddenly stopped and then looked in the direction of the tribe that just joined their side. Ryan imagined that the dragons there were talking with him via Telepathy. In the end, it seemed that Nakine didn't get some good news because as soon as he turned around, he faced Ryan and Femradiel.

"It is about your friend," Nakine said looking a bit worried for some reason. "It seems that she decided to pick a fight with our next targets."

"Who is she fighting with? How far is she now?" Ryan asked. "If she is fighting, I assume that she things that she can win."

"We don't know their names, but we know that one of them is a mad warrior and another is one who provides him with all sorts of weapons made of mithril," Nakine said. "The quality of their equipment is much better than anything we created over thousands of years. As for the distance between the battlefield and this place at your top speed it should be six hours. We heard that the battle just started, can your friend last so long?"

It seems that they finally found some elder gods. Still, Ryan couldn't tell who they were based only on that little information. As for Nakine's question, Ryan had no idea. Even the logical Femradiel wanted to believe in Alissa, but by fighting alone and when her mind has been so much unstable lately that fight might trigger her Transformation to a Cursed Dragon.

"I see well, we are going ahead and do the clean-up of the terrain for you guys, so don't take your time," Ryan said.

"We can go with you, this fight won't be like the others, we really should work together," Nakine said.

"We can't, we won't risk missing Alissa this time," Ryan said. "We will go ahead alone since it will be faster. As you said, this fight won't be like the others, so don't worry, you will arrive on time."

In the end, Nakine decided not to insist. He could tell by looking Ryan in the eye that he won't break his promise, but he couldn't risk failing with Alissa as well. Regardless, Ryan picked his Soul Eater and then used it after telling him which direction he should go.

"Do you have any idea why Alissa picked a fight with two elder gods?" Ryan asked. "She was pretty good at finding monsters even when Orgar was around, so she should be even better than before. Unless she forgot her original goal, she should have felt a large concentration of dragons."

"You know her for longer, I should be the one to ask that," Femradiel replied. "Well, my guess is that she already knows that the dragons here can't give the answer that she wants and decides to ask the elder gods with her fists since she doesn't want to look for another world and another species of dragons."

That sounded like something even the Alissa of six months ago would do. Regardless, given the powers that Thanatos and Belphegor had, Ryan would bet that she was on the right track. Still, from another perspective, it was crazy just to pick a fight with random elder gods. She should look for the ones like those who have the power to revive the dead or control the mind of others as they see fit.

"Now that I think about it, I can't help but wonder if it is actually possible to recover Orgar's mind," Ryan said. "He said that their pact would turn their minds into one, and even if she finds a way to rebuild her body, I can't imagine that separating the pieces of a mind to create another one is a simple thing to do."

"She probably has that power, since I have as well, Alissa just needs the mana to create a body, but" Femradiel hesitated. "Dragons aren't supposed to be that good at controlling kinds. The only way I can imagine her succeeding is by copying her own mind and deleting her memories and then transplanting to another vessel leaving only Orgar's memories. But would that be the real way to revive Orgar?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1