Chapter 770: Start

Chapter 770: Start

Maybe it was due to Anger Manipulation, but Ryan felt keener to sense that kind of behavior change. Thus, he noticed a full second before Tyr could move what was about to happen. He flew toward Ryan at a fearsome speed, but he didn't escape Ryan's eyes. For some reason, he wasn't as fast as he had been when he fought Alissa in the last minutes.

Ryan didn't try to dodge the attack. Instead, he bombarded Tyr with his Immobilizing Crossbow while Vital Hunter was active. He couldn't throw away the chance of decreasing the status of the enemy like that. Still, he only attacked for a few instants. Ryan tried to block the charge, but in the end, he was pushed backward easily, and even though he kept his guard up, Ryan felt his bones cracking.

Suddenly, Tyr was forced to move backward when he felt something approaching. It was the massive sword that Ryan gained a few days ago. While it was a weapon too big to be used even in his Draconic form, Ryan could easily wield it alongside Telekinesis.

Tyr looked at the weapon spinning vertically and couldn't help but frown at the speed and the sound caused by it. He wasn't the type who would measure the strength of his foes by using Appraisal. He would see them fight and judge their strength. Considering the speed and size of the weapon, it seemed that Ryan was more than he looked.

Still, the sword didn't make him flinch, not when it began to spin so close to Ryan. He dashed toward him, and when the weapon approached, he just punched it, making it move to the distance quite easily. Ryan knew that the weapon wouldn't be useful against an opponent of that level, but that didn't bother him. Because as soon as he got close enough, Ryan summoned several copies of the Vibrating Crossbow and attacked him from behind. Ryan was hit again, but he saw the face of annoyance on his foe's face.

Before he could put any more force on pushing Ryan backward, Tyr was forced to retreat and escape the range of the magic bows.

"Helmet, and armor, " Tyr said.

Ryan couldn't help but clench his teeth as soon as he did that. A new horned helmet and armor appeared and tried to equip them. At the very least, he was taking things more seriously, but now Ryan won't cause that much damage. Unless he uses his big guns. Ryan didn't want to rely on them because they were noisy the crossbows he had created by defeating some big guns.

Before Tyr could return to the attack, Ryan had an idea. He began to fly around in circles while bombarding Tyr with copies of his Spiritualists Crossbow. He focused the bolts on Tyr's face, so whenever he got too close, Ryan increased the barrage. Tyr used his hands to protect his eyes, and then he lost sight of Ryan for a few precious moments, and then he would find him in the opposite direction and gaining even more distance.

"This is boring this is nothing like the other fight," Tyr said. "Have you no shame? A girl has bigger balls than you."

"I am pretty sure she won't be happy by hearing this," Ryan said. "Anyway, I will make sure to pass the message."

Tyr got annoyed after hearing that. After all, it sounded like Ryan was declaring that he would win. He increased his speed again, but then suddenly, his helmet cracked. Ryan's concentrated attack finally showed some result, and Tyr saw Ryan firing the Hydra's bow. The target was his forehead. However, Tyr easily granted the Arrow with both hands much to his surprise, though, he felt a sharp pain in his stomach. Tyr had no idea what hit him, but he saw a hole in his armor and a deep wound in there as well.

"What" Tyr muttered in shock.

Ryan imagined that Tyr would grow in size a little, but it looked like six meters was his limit. That was why he had used the other weird skill to increase his strength. Regardless, there wasn't time to celebrate. While Tyr didn't know what Ryan did, there was no telling if that strategy would work again. That is why he began to prepare the next strategy while Tyr was confused.

"You are taking your time, Femradiel" Ryan thought.

Ryan wished that he could check things with her, but he couldn't. In the end, despite the questions in his head, Tyr decided to charge toward Ryan again, but not before he could change his armor and helmet. Now that Ryan thought about it, Tyr's partner should have been able to see what Ryan did and tell Tyr. So why Tyr still looked troubled?

Tyr also had his weapons back, and he looked far more severe than before. It was time for Ryan to think, should he keep using the same strategy or use another before Tyr could understand how come Ryan caused so much damage so fast? In the end, Ryan had to act by instinct. Tyr tried to slash Ryan's arms with his axes, but Ryan blocked them with his forearms. However, he didn't spill a single drop of blood. Ryan covered them with a thick layer of ice. At the same time, Ryan used Ice Breath.

Tyr's body quickly began to be covered in ice, but the Norse god of war didn't mind it. The ice covering Ryan's arms quickly began to crack, and soon enough, Ryan's arms suffered wounds and spit blood. Ryan clenched his teeth in annoyance, but in the end, he smirked. Ryan's blood quickly moved to Tyr's face, and the enemy was forced to retreat. By doing so, Tyr fell into another trap. Several magic bows were right behind him, and they bombarded him. The magic caused by them was minimal, but Tyr still felt annoyed because his strength decreased every time they hit him. Ryan had used the Berserker's Crossbow, which could steal the enemy's strength for a short period of time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1