Chapter 766: Lightning Speed

Chapter 766: Lightning Speed

That was a tough question, and Ryan nodded at it. There was only one explanation for that sudden power up Alissa probably obtained a skill similar to Wolf's Greed. That might be what will help her win the battle, but it still is a risky plan. Since Ryan didn't know the skill's cost, things might not be so bad.

Suddenly, Tyr appeared after a huge jump. It was quite insane that he recovered so fast and was able to jump from such a large distance. Ryan took a good look at it and confirmed that Tyr was completely fine, just like armor. As if that wasn't enough, he also seemed a bit taller.

"It seems that also Tyr has some tricks up his sleeve," Femradiel said. "His presence is a bit bigger and more powerful after that punch."

"Well, that is a given, he is an elder god," Ryan said.

Still, Ryan couldn't remember facing an enemy that, whenever got hit, apparently, got stronger and bigger. Tyr dashed toward Alissa again, and this time, she was the one who was pushed backward. Ryan saw the scales around Alissa's hands cracking due to the pressure.

"Now what, Ryan?" Femradiel asked. "This isn't an ordinary foe, and I don't think Alissa can win this alone."

"With her current state of mind, we can't afford to jump in the middle of the battle," Ryan said. "She will think that I will be trying to humiliate her. Despite her looks, Alissa is pretty prideful. Let's wait and see for a while, when things are about to take a bad turn, we will jump in."

Ryan wanted to get rid of the second dungeon master before jumping in that fight, but Tyr would notice that. Ryan doubted that he could beat that fast and silently while fighting Tyr's partner.

While Ryan and Femradiel were talking, the tide of the battle suddenly changed. Tyr's attacks grew heavier, and with each one, it was visible that Alissa was receiving severe damage. It was quite insane to see someone like Alissa being pushed down so much by someone who wasn't even using magic. Alissa opened her mouth again and fired the beam of energy, but Tyr didn't feel the need to dodge the attack this time. He put the two axes in front of himself and stood his ground. When the attack ended, all of them saw the Norse god of war practically unscathed, but a lot of heat was emanating from his body.

"Why are you pulling your punches?" Tyr asked while frowning. "This can be a very entertaining fight if you use all the skills at your disposal, so why are you trying to overpower me with strength and dragon breath alone?"

Alissa didn't answer the question and dashed toward Tyr, but the target blocked her attack with a single hand while looking a bit bored. That was quite something since Alissa's attacks could make the entire air vibrate. As if that wasn't enough, he barely could see her punches. Tyr stopped growing, but since Alissa didn't grow any stronger, he didn't have a hard time blocking her punches. After so many failed attempts, even Alissa was forced to realize that she was wasting time unless she was trying to level up her melee classes. That plan was far too reckless. Even if she manages to gain a class useful like Ryan did against Thanatos, the opponent this time was different.

Suddenly, Alissa changed her posture and moved her right fist slightly backward. A lot of energy began to gather around her fists, she was trying something else for a change, but that was another risky attack since she wasn't moving at all. Despite that, Tyr waited patiently for her. He had total confidence that he could survive an attack of that level

"This isn't good," Femradiel said. "The more that guy suffers damage, the stronger he gets. I have no idea for how long his powers can stay so high, but we might have some problems if we let this fight drag for too long."

Ryan was fully aware of it, but even so, he couldn't afford to step on Alissa's pride and rage. At the end, when Alissa was about to launch her attack, Ryan noticed that something was off. For a brief moment, he felt a different type of energy being activated on her body, and once she did that. She dashed with lightning speed toward Tyr. Ryan also saw the very moment the smiles disappeared from his face. Still, he didn't have time to react to the sudden movement.

The entire area trembled for quite a while. Ryan and Femradiel felt Tyr's presence growing weaker in the distance. He had been thrown so far away that Ryan couldn't see him by relying on his eyes alone. Meanwhile, some sparks of lightning were appearing around Alissa, and Ryan could even see the water inside her body turning into steam she looked like a character of a fighting anime. Still, that special attack came with a cost. Alissa's right hand was destroyed entirely. Her strength alone couldn't defeat Tyr. Hence, she relied on momentum to gain extra power.

Alissa's hand began to heal itself since she was exhausted. Ryan had no idea what kind of skill she used, but it probably consumed all her energy. After all, on the path she ran in the blink of an eye, she damaged the earth the same way her light beam could. Almost everything behind her had turned into a line of magma.

"Did you feel that?" Femradiel asked. "For a short moment, I felt some energy that resembled the Lunar Arrow around Alissa's body. It was a skill like Teleport, but instead of manipulating space, she just increased her speed."

"It seems pretty useful for combat," Ryan nodded. "When it comes to speed, a certain elder god comes to mind I wonder if Alissa gained that kind of power."

As soon as Ryan finished that sentence, Tyr showed up in the same way as before. He jumped and then landed on the same spot he had been a moment ago. This time, his entire armor was cracked, and he was bleeding from his nose and ears. Maybe Alissa won't need their help, after all

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1