Chapter 769: Progress

Chapter 769: Progress

Ryan knew that Femradiel was smart, but that was just too good to be true. Still, he could at least listen to her idea. Her plan was simple: she would use Teleport and then move Alissa away from the battle. As much as that was annoying, Femradiel already learned Anger Manipulation since Ryan has been using it for the past hour alongside Mana Manipulation. Her idea was that the effect should be more powerful if she touches her. While it would be dangerous since there was no telling for how long she would have to do that, Femradiel would stay on Alissa's back, where she couldn't be touched.

"Why would Anger Manipulation be more effective with you?" Ryan asked. "Even if what you said is right, the level is higher ei me."

"That isn't the issue, I am doing it because my presence won't upset her all that much," Femradiel replied. "But now that you mentioned, even though the level of the skill is low with me, it should be more effective because my intelligence is higher and you focus only on dexterity. Anyway, don't try to go all out, just buy us some time and then we will come to help."

Femradiel was a bit too confident on that plan. Weirdly confident Still, once again, Ryan decided to listen to her. Just to make sure that she would need all the help he could get, Ryan gave Femradiel a lot of INT potions and even Soul Eater.

"Use it to protect yourself if things get dangerous," Ryan said.

"I don't need it," Femradiel said. "Alissa is a friend, she won't hurt me."

"That might be Alissa, but at the same time it isn't her," Ryan said. "Don't get careless and use it."

"Whatever, but I am telling you, I won't need it," Femradiel said.

Alissa was reaching a level of exhaustion that Ryan began to think that Femradiel was right. According to Nakine, cursed dragons might stay in that form for hundreds of years without problems. However, even if they had an extra power compared to others, their bodies had the same physical limits, and fighting like mad dogs will only make them reach the limits much sooner.

Regardless, after finishing their preparations, both of them put the plan into motion. Just as planned, when Alissa flew to attack Tyr, Femradiel appeared on her back and then used Teleport. Tyr frowned when that happened since he didn't feel the presence of others nearby. Before the dungeon master could think of doing anything, Ryan attacked him with the vibrating crossbow. Tyr saw his left chest being burned by the beam of wind and then blocked the attack barehanded.

"Maybe I should have used Draconic Transformation" Ryan muttered.

That was what Ryan thought when he felt Tyr's stare on him. The Norse god of war wasn't angry, only puzzled. In any case, Ryan needed to buy time, so he couldn't show everything he could do. The more the enemy underestimates him, the better.

"Another Earthling?" Tyr frowned. "I didn't think I would find one so soon after that girl still this presence that I feel. Are you the one who defeated Poseidon?"

Ryan forgot that the elder gods could sense that he gained the powers of the foes he defeated. In the end, trying to buy time was useless in his human form. So, Ryan quickly used Draconic Transformation.

"There is no need to be so tense, we are going to fight alright," Tyr said. "Still that doesn't mean that we can talk before it."

Ryan couldn't help but feel that that was a trap. Until now, not a single one of the elder gods tried to talk with him. They only treated him like an insect, until they were forced to take him seriously.

"Still, I can't see how you defeated Poseidon, you don't look strong enough," Tyr said. "Was he in a bad condition? Did he have a cold or something? Why did he lose?"

"Because he picked a fight with the wrong person, because he tried to flood the world, and because he spent most of his time sitting on a throne," Ryan replied. "Are you satisfied with the answers?"

"For someone who watched a friend getting beat up so much, you sure are hot blooded," Tyr said. "However, I can understand the logic behind your words. The second and third points seemed logical, but not the first. Do you know how many humans joined our side?"

"No, and I don't need to," Ryan said. "Until the very last day of their lives, humans will do everything to survive. You can judge them by your standards, but I won't, not anymore."

Tyr stayed in silence after that. For a god of war, he sure was a bit different from what Ryan imagined, even more so considering that he was from Norse mythology. Perhaps Ryan was just too narrow-minded. Even if some might have the title of god of war, it doesn't mean they will be bloodthirsty mad dogs.

"I asked that girl what her goal was, but she ignored me," Tyr said. "What are your goals here? This isn't Earth, we are on a far more durable planet, the elder gods won't hold back against you. Did you come here because you defeated Poseidon? Or did you come here for the mithril?"

"You sure ask a lot of questions, answering those will change anything?" Ryan asked.

"No, but you want to buy time don't you?" Tyr asked. "I don't hold back against anyone, and I don't underestimate anyone, so the only chances of you defeating me is by fighting alongside those two."

Ryan was looked down many times, and many times as well, he got enraged by it. However, this time, he didn't feel anything. Maybe he grew more resistant to that kind of thing, or maybe that was just the reality that he had accepted since the very beginning. Either way, it didn't matter. Ryan only smiled in response, and that finally made Tyr a bit angrier.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1