Chapter 768: Corruption

Chapter 768: Corruption

Amidst her madness, Alissa attacked Tyr mercilessly. When he got close enough, she would smash his head with both her arms, but when he got slightly away, she would summon some Dark Magic Bows to bombard him from above. As expected, she could use that kind of skill, but Ryan didn't imagine that she would only use it in such a state. It was weird. When she was conscious, she was so mad that she didn't want to use anything that made her remember Ryan and his betrayal. Still, when madness took over her mind, her instincts forced her to do everything in order to win.

Ryan understood what she was thinking while Alissa was fighting. Her anger wasn't something that would disappear after talking for a while. Ryan knew that even Anger Manipulation has limitations, so unless he makes her forget about Orgar, her anger will always return in spades. Unfortunately, Ryan didn't plan on changing her memories to that extent. He didn't have the right, nor did he want to make someone disappear from the memories of another.

Regardless Ryan was using Mana Manipulation to increase the effectiveness of Anger Manipulation. Still, there wasn't any sign of changes on Alissa. Maybe he should feel thankful for that because things were getting too heated in that fight, and a single mistake might break the balance, and the chances of Alissa losing thanks to it were pretty high.

At some point, Alissa and Tyr grew so much more powerful than when they exchanged blows directly. Lightning bolts flew from their arms and burned a piece of the ground in the area. For a second, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he made a mistake when he decided to use long-ranged weapons to fight. Using his fist like that seemed a lot cooler and fun.

Eventually, even Tyr began to realize that things were getting dangerous, he was losing too much blood, and he wasn't regenerating fast enough. While he was growing faster and stronger due to Alissa's attacks, she was also becoming more vital for some reason.

"Alright I already had my fun," Tyr said. "It is time to end this."

Instead of attacking like usual, Tyr jumped to the sky, and for a second, he looked more like a supersonic rocket than a human. Alissa quickly followed him, but before she could catch up, something changed on Tyr. The sky shone for a second, and then something flew straight into his heart it didn't have to be an attack. Ryan confirmed that because instead of weaker, Tyr grew stronger. The energy inside his body grew so dense that his hair began to levitate. At the same time, the wounds on his body began to regenerate faster, even though the miasma was supposed to prevent that.

"What was that?" Ryan asked.

"Some sort of buff spell?" Femradiel frowned. "At least it looks that way it is weird though. Buff spells were supposed to work to increase the exterior strength or the interior magic power. That one just increased all his status exponentially in a single second."

When Alissa finally caught up with Tyr, the enemy punched her face, and even from so far away, Ryan felt like he heard a crack coming from Alissa's neck. In the next moment, she fell down at a speed that made the entire region tremble upon the impact. For a second, Ryan began to sweat cold, imagining the worst. The power of the punch and the impact could be compared to Alissa's Dark Breath, but it was much more dangerous since a punch was much more of a concentrated attack. However, much to his relief, Alissa got up. Her neck was really broken, though. However, soon the corruption healed her wounds and fixed her neck.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

"This is like a never-ending cycle," Femradiel said. "The damage is only increasing her powers and that isn't good. Her body can only heal itself so much in a short amount of time. Not to mention, these power ups are bound to destroy her body."

Ryan knew what Femradiel was talking about. Whenever he overused his powers or obtained a power-up thanks to dragon hearts, he would feel his body falling asleep, or he would feel a huge deal of internal pain. If Ryan had to compare with anything, it was like forcing a bottle to withstand more water than it could handle.

After Alissa recovered from the previous attack, Tyr didn't let her gain the upper hand with her madness. Whenever she flew at him, he would kick her on the face and make her fall on the ground just like before. He was strong and fast enough that Ryan couldn't even see his moments. He could only see the results of his actions. Still, something was off, Tyr wasn't smiling anymore, and he didn't hurry to finish off Alissa while she was recovering from the damage.

"I am tired of watching this, Ryan," Femradiel said. "Alissa is slowly breaking apart, if we let her continue fighting like that, she won't recover."

"Well, if you have any idea on how we can jump into that fight without risking becoming the targets of those two, I am all ears," Ryan said.

Even Femradiel knows that Alissa will forget her target and attack him if Ryan shows up right now. Not to mention, they still had to worry about Tyr's partner, who hasn't shown up yet. In the end, Femradiel stayed silent for quite a while because she wasn't thinking logically at the moment. She only thought that she didn't want to lose a friend. Still, there was no point in acting to help someone, only to put themselves at risk. However, Femradiel was as stubborn as Alissa, and she wouldn't let things end like that.

"I have an idea," Femradiel said. "It is a bit risky, but if we succeed, we will save Alissa from her madness and make her join our side.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1