Chapter 762: Necessity

Chapter 762: Necessity

Even Femradiel couldn't help but flinch while looking at the three dungeon masters. Fortunately, it didn't look like they came to help each other. Tarragon was as much surprised as Ryan and Femradiel.

"It seems that you are in a bad spot, Tarragon," One of the dungeon masters that just arrived said.

"You are getting careless lately, aren't you?" The other dungeon master asked. "To think that you would let enemies come to our world so easily..."

???  ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Since the other dungeon masters weren't stupid enough to join the battle without activating some defensive spells to hide their status, Ryan would never discover their names. Not like he was actually interested in it. Instead of asking, he decided to refer to them as dungeon masters one, two, and three.

Although he could be disrespectful to that extent in his mind, Ryan couldn't underestimate them in real battle. They might not be that good in a real combat, but their skills were the real deal. While the tension was rising thanks to the stares of the three dungeon masters, Ryan summoned the massive sword that he gained a few days ago.

"I will control this, focus on using your usual attacks," Femradiel said.

"All right," Ryan said.

The three dungeon masters faced Ryan and Femradiel, but the massive sword hit them before they could do anything. Unfortunately, a Mana Barrier appeared and protected them. Ryan created magic copies of his Vibrating Crossbow and attacked all of them at the same time. While those attacks were costing a stupid amount of mana, he couldn't afford to kill one of them at a time.

That kind of attack worked pretty well. First, Ryan could even see the Mana Barrier growing weakly. Still, in the end, he also saw the dungeon masters making some pieces of mithril show up and then get absorbed by their hands. Once that happened, the power of the Mana Barrier worked.

"Maybe you should have focused on taking one at a time, after all," Femradiel said.

Perhaps Ryan could have succeeded if he had focused his attacks on a single target, perhaps not. Either way, he just realized that things won't be so simple anymore. Before Ryan could think of another tactic, he noticed the three dungeon masters disappearing like mirages. However, once Ryan used Absolute Zero and froze everything around, they appeared. They were forced to use Mana Barrier in order to save themselves. In order to prevent them from trying to escape again, Ryan summoned copies of the Spiritualist's Crossbow and attacked all three at the same time while Perfect Aim was active. That should work for a while

"Why don't we use the Draconic Bow?" Femradiel asked. "It should be the best weapon in our arsenal right now. Besides, sooner or later, we should see what that is capable of."

"It costs too much mana," Ryan replied. "Both of us can't use it at the same time."

Femradiel understood the meaning Behind Ryan's words, but she waited patiently. The dungeon masters grew tired of staying on the defense and finally summoned some golems right above Ryan Although they were from the same species and were enemies, it seemed that their way of thinking was absurdly similar. Before the creatures could attack Ryan, he teleported to the right below them and then opened his mouth to swallow them. Hopefully, Ryan won't regret that

Congratulations! The skill Electric Resistance has leveled up.

You recovered five hundred points of mana.

Congratulations! The skill Cold Resistance has leveled up.

You recovered five hundred points of mana.

Congratulations! The skill Earth Transformation has leveled up.

You recovered five hundred points of mana.

Just like the dungeon masters, Ryan frowned when he saw those notifications. He expected that Draconic Hunger could work even against monsters, but not that well. Ryan decided to charge at them while they were surprised, but in the end, he had to select one since they were too far away from each other.

"It is time, Femradiel," Ryan said.

Femradiel nodded when Ryan said that, and then he teleported to right behind the first dungeon master. He tried to grab the creature, but the Mana Barrier got in the way. However, a massive ice bow appeared below them and fired an equally massive arrow toward the dungeon master. The shot alone made the entire area vibrate, but things only got crazier when the projectile hit the target.

The Mana Barrier protected the dungeon master for a short time. Ryan saw the exact moment that the mana of the target ended one moment after the impact, and then the massive arrow exploded, making all of them in the area move backward. It wasn't an elemental explosion. It was an explosion of pure mana thanks to that, Ryan knew that the resistances of the creature would be useless. Still, even before the dust cloud that the explosion caused could disappear, he already knew the result.

You obtained 2.362.952 coins.

"Only this much?" Ryan frowned.

Although Ryan complained, he knew the reason why he obtained so little coins. It was because Femradiel did all the work. At the end, when the dust cloud disappeared, they saw a massive hole in the desert. It was as big as the one the previous dungeon masters caused. That wasn't surprising, given that Femradiel used all her energy to do that.

"I suddenly feel like crap" Femradiel said, visibly exhausted. "Remember me not to use this skill again unless it is absolutely necessary."

Ryan wished that he could say that he would, but he didn't have time for it in the end. The other two dungeon masters decided to run away, and they went in two opposite directions things have taken a troublesome turn. Ryan and Femradiel will have to split up again, but she won't have time to recover, so he gave her Soul Eater.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1