Chapter 763: Illusory Crossbow

Chapter 763: Illusory Crossbow

Although Ryan had no idea how to find the dungeon master, Femradiel told him the direction in which she could feel the presence of another crystal domain. Naturally, he found it, alongside with a barrier protecting an army of ice golems inside. Apparently, the dungeon master decided to follow a roundabout path, but Ryan couldn't care less about it. He bombarded the barrier.

It didn't take long for Ryan to see some golems suddenly dropping on his back, the dungeon master was nearby, and he didn't want to face Ryan directly. Perhaps the creature didn't even have the skills for a proper fight, and that idea only enticed Ryan to attack even more vehemently than before, even though the golems were damaging his back.

"I can do this all day, bitch," Ryan muttered. "I have the power of an ice dragon."

Ryan said that as loudly as he could because, in the end, he will have to kill the dungeon master in order to obtain the domain. The dungeon master didn't show up, but the ice golems inside the barrier began to move and fire magic projectiles at Ryan. They were barely causing any damage, but even one hundred ant bites were bound to cause some.

The rain of ice spears kept falling for quite a while. Still, then before Ryan could think of changing his strategy, he saw some dragons appearing inside the domain It looked like the dungeon master finally decided to use them.

"Son of a bitch" Ryan said and then clicked his tongue in annoyance.

However, much to Ryan's surprise, the dragons began to attack the ice golems still inside the barrier. Ryan frowned for a short while, and then he saw Nakine appearing as well. It seems that they won the battle on the other side.

"Great now we just have to find that annoying bitch," Ryan said.

Finding someone that was only good at three things, but one of those things was to hide, wouldn't be easy, but Ryan didn't have to waste time thinking about that. That massive desert was a pain in the ass. Finding anything human-sized would be difficult, but Ryan decided to use his best weapons for the task: his eyes. He was naturally good, thanks to his massive dexterity. Still, now with Draconic Eyes, he could even find traces of mana. After teleporting to above the domain, Ryan began to look around in order to find any traces of mana. The dungeon master didn't have anywhere to run aside from his own domain since the others would be locked by a barrier.

It didn't take long for Ryan to find some traces of mana and then find a humanoid figure that had a lot of mana. Again, his eyes were that good. Fortunately, since he was so far away, the dungeon master didn't notice what Ryan did. From his perspective, Ryan had only disappeared. Killing the enemy would be easy. Ryan just has to use Draconic Bow. Still, in the end, he was really interested in the illusory skills of the creature if they could brainwash dragons, those skills couldn't be looked down upon. Or maybe they should, since Ryan and Femradiel never gave them the chance to fall under any decent spell.

After thinking for a while, Ryan had an idea. The fool couldn't use Mana Barrier while it uses his illusory powers to hide himself, so Ryan could easily snipe the dungeon master. Once he chops off his limbs, the pain will make the creature unable to chant any spell. It seemed like an overkill, but Ryan summoned his Absolute Death Crossbow, it wasn't time to pull his punches, and he had to help Femradiel.

Once Ryan made up his mind, he pulled the trigger four times, and the four limbs of the dungeon master exploded. The creature fell on the desert without noticing what happened. Only after a few seconds, the pain took over his entire mind. In the blink of an eye, Ryan teleported toward the dungeon master and then finished the job.

You obtained 99.932.698 coins.

Illusory Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of three hundred points of mana, it grants the power to make your targets see illusory copies of yourself for three seconds. The effect can stack, but it can only work if the bolts fired cause some damage.

Dexterity + 500, Intelligence + 500

Durability: 200/200

"Not bad, I guess," Ryan nodded to himself.

Without wasting any time, Ryan turned around in order to search for Femradiel. Still, he stopped when he actually used Search and found her approaching once again. She finished the job faster than him.

"Hi there, slowpoke," Femradiel said. "It is just me or am I finishing our targets faster than you lately?"

"Careful not to fall from your high horse," Ryan said.

"I can say the same thing about you, can't I?" Femradiel asked.

"Maybe?" Ryan shrugged.

The mission was finished faster than Ryan thought, even though Femradiel imagined that things would get complicated. They actually did when the two dungeon masters showed up. Still, they were too dumb and decided not to fight together to defeat their common enemy.

"It seems you two are alive and well," Nakine said when Ryan and Femradiel approached. "I didn't imagine that we would accomplish this so fast."

"How did you exterminate the three armies outside?" Ryan asked.

"Some allies from the nearest village came and helped us," Nakine replied. "They are stronger than most of us, so their help quickly changed the tide of the battle. Not to mention, they showed up the very moment you defeated the first dungeon master, so in the blink of an eye, we got the help of two hundred new allies."

It looked like even the dragons that were under the illusion spell helped them. In the end, that wasn't unexpected. The dungeon masters kept them alive and well because they would be useless without their strength. In any case, things were going well, almost half of the job was almost complete, but Ryan couldn't help but worry since Alissa didn't show up until now.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1