Chapter 773: Hephaestus

Chapter 773: Hephaestus

"Got you," Femradiel suddenly appeared from behind Alissa.

Ryan frowned after he heard that. Now that he thought about it, Alissa's eyes were focused, and Corruption Sense wasn't alerting him of anything. After looking her in the eye for a while, Ryan saw Alissa looking away. If Femradiel succeeded, then why were Alissa's hands covered in blood?

While Ryan was thinking about that as well, but then suddenly, he felt another presence behind him. Then Ryan saw a muscular, bald man nearby Tyr, and then Ryan saw his eyes. They were silver-like and had that same transparent glow.

Hephaestus

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

"It is time to retreat, you are too wounded and you can't take them at the same time right now," Hephaestus said.

"Are you mad? I won't retreat right now when things just become interesting," Tyr said.

"You have been doing what he wanted for the past six hours," Hephaestus said. "If you continue to fight, I won't help you and I will deliver the last blow and then gain your domain and resources."

Hephaestus had the body of one but certainly wasn't a warrior of the level of Tyr. He was the Greek god of blacksmiths, metalworking, carpenters, craftsmen, artisans, sculptors, metallurgy, fire, and volcanoes. He was the god of many things from Ryan's perspective In any case, his voice had a certain power of authority, and Tyr didn't even think about talking back or insisting on doing otherwise. Come to think of It, Hephaestus probably had been offering him some support without asking for anything in exchange. Hence, Tyr had to do something for their partnership.

" I will be waiting for you guys, on my domain," Tyr said. "Bring all your troops because this will be a true battle and we will use all of your resources. I will be waiting for you expectantly."

After saying that, Tyr and Hephaestus disappeared. It was a pity to let them go when Ryan showed so many of his skills. Unfortunately, even though he wasn't a real warrior, Ryan could tell that he wouldn't be able to defeat Tyr and Hephaestus at the same time, even if Femradiel and Alissa help them.

In the end, Ryan sighed and then calmed down his nerves. Once he turned around again, Ryan saw Alissa back on her human form. As expected, she looked exhausted and even thinner than the first time he saw her.

"If I approach, are you going to bite me, Alissa?" Ryan asked.

"I am not a dog," Alissa replied.

"Can I approach?" Ryan asked.

"Just don't get too close, or I will be forced to kick your balls," Alissa said.

"Speaking of balls, you left a big impression on Tyr," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "He said that you had bigger balls than mine."

"Let's stop talking about nonsensical things," Femradiel said. "Let's sit down a little bit."

"I am sorry, Alissa," Ryan said once they sat down on the ground and relaxed.

"I won't forgive you for hiding that kind of thing from me," Alissa said, a bit angry. "But I realized now that I went overboard with my anger. You respected Orgar's wishes and I should have respected his wishes as well."

Alissa said that while checking her hands. After thinking for a while, Ryan came up with a hypothesis, perhaps in her rage, Alissa killed Alissa or at least one of her familiars, and the blood in her hands was what made her wake up. Still, there was no point in talking about that. Besides, Ryan concluded that was what Femradiel planned from the very beginning.

"So, what are you going to do now?" Femradiel asked. "Our goal was to find Alissa and bring her back to Earth."

"We stay and keep our agreement with the Pendragons," Ryan said. "I also don't want to return before dealing with Tyr and Hephaestus. The question is, what Alissa is planning to do?"

"I will stay here until I find the answers that I want, if I don't, then I will go somewhere else," Alissa said.

In the end, Alissa didn't want to let Orgar go yet. It was only natural, and Ryan didn't want to convince her otherwise. Besides, Alissa needed a goal to keep going.

"What about Arthur?" Ryan asked.

"I already made my mind, Arthur doesn't need me with him," Alissa replied. "The people there are growing stronger, much more than any of us expected, so he is safe. Did you see Daniel lately?"

"Yeah, that dumbass wanted me to turn into a dragon in order to fight me," Ryan replied. "Naturally, I didn't fall for such an obvious trap. The strongest mind won."

"If I remember well, you couldn't transform because I wasn't with you," Femradiel said.

"That is a small detail," Ryan shrugged.

"Anyway, what is wrong with your new appearance, Femradiel?" Alissa asked.

"I don't see anything wrong with it," Femradiel replied.

"I can see two big reasons right in front of me, big and very round reasons that confirms what I said," Alissa said.

"Well, I just created a new body and things happened naturally," Femradiel replied. "I just created a body perfect for combat."

"Yeah, right," Ryan and Alissa said in unison.

Those three laughed for a while after that. It seems things were OK with them again. However, things were about to get tense again Ryan saw the dragons approaching in the distance.

"Well, now what should I say to them?" Ryan frowned.

"We have time to organize an attack now, I am sure that is what they want the most," Femradiel said.

Ryan nodded. He owed them at least that much after making them come this far. Still, Ryan wanted to return to Earth as fast as possible now that Alissa was back. Perhaps Ryan will have to do certain things in order to speed up that reconquest.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1