Chapter 775: Draconic Lancer

Chapter 775: Draconic Lancer

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Lancer!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Skin, Draconic Lance, and Draconic Stamina.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Skin.

Effect: It grants you extra defense against physical attacks. This skill decreases the damage caused by physical attacks based on the level of the enemy.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Lance.

Effect: It grants the power to summon a special lance that is created by using your very soul that will cause damage according to your spirit level.

Cost: all your mana

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Stamina.

Effect: It permanently increases your health by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

After getting to the next draconic class and then rejoining the pendragons, Ryan and the others sat to rest for a short while. The last few days had been pretty tiring, even though the only thing they did was teleport around.

"You smell weird," Alissa said.

"It seems you developed new hobbies since the last time I saw you," Ryan said.

"Even for a far I can tell," Alissa said.

"Apparently, you trained your hobby," Ryan shrugged.

"She is talking about the corruption on your body, idiot," Femradiel said. "Your scent also changed when you obtained Wolf's Greed and the powers of Poseidon, Thanatos, and Belphegor."

"You defeated them?" Alissa frowned.

"Not alone," Ryan said.

"No wonder your presence feels so messy," Alissa said. "Still, are you sure it is a good idea for you to be here? If I were the allies of those you defeated, I would attack your domain."

"They already did it," Ryan said. "Still, while they destroyed the barrier, they can't obtain my domain without killing me."

Ryan showed the skills he gained to Alissa, and she immediately understood how difficult it had been for them to defeat those enemies. After all, those same skills had been used against them.

"Speaking of which, did you gain something when you defeated the dungeon master that could spawn dragons?" Ryan asked. "They probably weren't an elder god, but they should be a fairly strong creature."

"Indeed, I still think that you show and talk openly about your skills" Alissa frowned while looking at Femradiel and, more specifically, at her boobs. "You changed a lot. I wonder why."

"As always, you are quick to jump to conclusions," Ryan said.

After a while, the armies of chimeras had been completely assembled in the region. All the dragons were already ready as well, so they only needed to hear Nakine's command to march toward the dungeons.

"The plan is simple as usual," Nakine said. "Ryan, Femradiel, and our new ally, Alissa, will face Tyr and Hephaestus. While we will try to eradicate the Dark Knights, once we kill enough of them, we will join the fight and leave the remaining to the Chimeras."

As expected, Nakine was trying to keep the Chimeras away from the dungeon for as long as possible. Traveling around between dungeons wasn't something fast. Even though the chimeras could fly, they weren't fast enough. Besides, the chimeras couldn't move in small groups. Otherwise, other dungeon masters might attack them. Most likely, Nakine was planning to defeat all the other dungeon masters that captured dragons with that army alone.

"Are you okay with that?" Nakine asked. "I am fully aware that these enemies are much stronger than the others."

"No problem," Ryan said. "If we work together, we should be able to take down Tyr fast enough, the real problem is Hephaestus, we don't know a single thing about him, aside from the fact that he is giving weapons made of mithril to Tyr."

Nakine nodded, and the other dragons also felt a bit tense thanks to that. Tyr was already powerful enough to defeat the four hundred dragons they now had on their side. Still, more than fearing an enemy, they already knew what he could do. They feared an enemy that they didn't know a single thing of.

Without wasting any more time, they began to march toward the dungeon. Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa already had their own battle tactics ready to employ. Still, when they checked the region around the two dungeons, they quickly understood that things wouldn't be so simple. Two hours ago, that wasn't there, but now they could see a magic barrier at the level of the barrier of the domains in that region. Naturally, they also could see Tyr, Hephaestus, and an army of one hundred thousand Dark Knights.

Dark Knight Lv Max

Health: 125.000/125.000

Mana: 99.000/99.000

Stamina: 112.000/112.000

Strength: 15.700 (+ 3100)

Dexterity: 8500 (+ 900)

Speed: 9600

Intelligence: 11.650 (+ 3600)

Endurance: 10.500 (+ 2500)

Control: 7.100

Mentality: 9000 (+ 2500)

Luck: 7500

Recovery: 50.000 (+ 20.000)

Willpower: 9000 (+ 2500)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv Max, Sonic Blade Lv Max, Bash Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Herculean Strength Lv Max, Improved Intelligence Lv Max, Enhanced Recovery Lv 740, Augmented Strength Lv Max

Spells: Vampirism Lv Max, Dark Aura Lv Max, Dark Sword Lv Max

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Fire Resistance Lv Max, Earth Resistance Lv Max, Illusion Resistance Lv Max

While the Dark Knights were humanoid creatures, their bodies were mostly made of shadows. The only physical parts that Ryan could see were the armor that was made of mithril. Considering their bodies and skills, Ryan and everyone else concluded that their army would be wiped out even though they had two times more Chimeras.

"This is a problem," Ryan said. "They erected a barrier because they knew we would try to wipe out their army with a single attack, or at least a good part of it."

"If we work together, I bet we can damage the barrier and a good part of the Dark Knights," Femradiel.

"I don't think so, Tyr doesn't seem the type who would use that kind of strategy, but Hephaestus sure looks like someone who would," Ryan said. "Most likely, he also prepared for that kind of scenario."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1