Chapter 774: Explanations

Chapter 774: Explanations

After explaining what happened to Nakine and his friends, Ryan and the others talked with Alissa about her recent actions. After doing some research and defeating a dungeon master that could spawn dragons, she obtained a lot of knowledge. She even knew now how to create a link between worlds like the dungeons could create.

"How can you do that?" Ryan asked.

"Speaking frankly, I can't do that perfectly," Alissa said. "I can only reactivate older links apparently, the connection between worlds disappear after a while when the dungeon masters disappear and no one takes their place. Anyway, the process needs a lot of mana and the blood of high-leveled creatures. I will spare you the details."

"By doing that, it will grant you the power to create domains?" Ryan asked.

"No, for some reason, it only grants the user the chance to teleport," Alissa replied. "The ruins where I found that information couldn't explain that either. My guess is that something else is needed to create a full-fledged domain."

"I see Still, to think that you would defeat a dungeon master that could spawn dragons alone," Ryan said. "No wonder that guy took a liking to you."

"That guy?" Alissa frowned.

"Your Chinese friend, Fang Shi," Ryan said. "I tried to follow you by using the same dungeon, but he didn't let me enter his domain, much less use his dungeon."

"You have a good memory, only after two weeks of talking to him I finally memorized his name," Alissa said.

"Well, his name does sound powerful," Ryan shrugged. "Regardless, it makes me wonder how come you could make friends so fast while you were so enraged."

"What are you trying to imply?" Alissa frowned.

"Nothing, absolutely nothing," Ryan shrugged.

Ryan looked around then noticed some stares coming from the dragons. Pretty much everyone aside from Nakine was looking at Ryan with irritated eyes. While Ryan was used to them, he wasn't used to being stared at by such big creatures.

"It seems that they didn't like to hear that we let Tyr escape," Femradiel said. "We had the perfect chance to finish off one of the dungeon masters alone, but we let him go and now he is behind a massive army of monsters."

"Tyr could have escaped at any moment, he could use Teleport, after all," Ryan said. "If anyone thinks I didn't do enough, that anyone is welcome to try and do better."

Ryan couldn't help but think that Nakine's allies were relying too much on Ryan and Femradiel and now on Alissa. While they had an agreement, the agreement didn't say that they had to solve all their problems alone. Regardless, at least Nakine was reasonable enough not to think about complaining.

"What monsters are they using?" Ryan asked.

"One of them, probably the blacksmith you mentioned, is summoning elementals," Nakine replied. "As for the other, he is summoning Dark Knights."

Those were two species of monsters Ryan never heard of before. Which was weird since he was pretty sure Tyr and Hephaestus had their own dungeons on Earth. Another thing that was weird was the fact that a Norse god and a Greek god were working together.

" I imagine they are troublesome," Ryan said. "Anyway, how are we going to proceed now?"

"If you don't mind, now that you have recovered your friend, I would like to take things slowly," Nakine said. "The Dark Knights are troublesome just like you mentioned, so we will need an army of our own. Some chimeras are on their way, but we will need some more days in order for them to reach here."

"What about the next village?" Ryan asked.

"We were considering the next power up to help us, it is a good time to reach the other village since the dungeon masters are waiting for us," Nakine said. "While they don't have much more dragons than the other villages, that power up will help this group already."

"I guess we can only wait for the chimeras," Ryan said. "If you don't mind, I would like to take Alissa to the other villages and make her obtain the power of the crystals."

"Well she is already powerful I am sure, so if she gains more power, it will increase our chances of success," Nakine hesitated for a few moments. "If you don't mind hearing some complaints once you reach those villages, you can go."

"No problem, I am good at ignoring others," Ryan said.

"I would say that you are a professional at doing that," Femradiel said.

"It seems I wasn't the only one that gained power using unorthodox means," Alissa said. "At getting my ass kicked, I wouldn't refuse the chance to gain more power, but"

Even Alissa was against the idea of gaining power without doing anything in exchange. Helping them finish on the task of helping the pendragons seemed quite a lot. However, while she changed her mind thanks to Femradiel, she still was focused on only finding a way to bring back Orgar.

In the end, while they waited for the chimeras to join the fight, Ryan and Femradiel took Alissa to the other villages and made her gain those classes. Just as Nakine said, some dragons complained. After all, that was the power of dragons that freed the entire species from the madness, but in the end, they didn't insist on that for long. Thanks to the mithril that they gained from the dragons and in the last battles, the trip didn't last long.

"Oh? Those are some interesting classes," Alissa said.

While they were moving between the villages, they saw several armies of chimeras moving. After obtaining so many domains, it was no surprise that they would have so many monsters on their side. During the whole trip, Ryan saw at least two hundred thousand chimeras. While they weren't the strongest of the monsters, they were pretty good to use since they had mobility and long-ranged attacks. Still, the most critical tasks still were on Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa's hands because they couldn't afford to lose the chimeras. After all, they had many more dragons to be freed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1