Chapter 772: No Way

Chapter 772: No way

Ryan didn't have any weapon that he could use on his Draconic form, but that wasn't a problem. He used Mana Manipulation to increase the thickness of his Frost Armor around his arms and legs and then dashed toward Tyr. The foe did the same, and their arms collided. In the end, since he lost the hesitation, Tyr won the trade. While Ryan was being pushed backward, he made copies of the Vibrating Crossbow appear and attack him. Tyr zig-zagged with lightning speed to dodge the beams of wind.

When Tyr got close enough to Ryan, Thanatos' Scythe appeared, and the blade almost touched his neck. Tyr bent his body to dodge the weapon because he instantly recognized the weapon. He actually managed to dodge, but Ryan smashed him with both of his arms on the ground. Tyr suffered some damage, but it was minimal. Without any weapons or using any skill like Lunar Arrow, he could only do so much.

Tyr got up and tried to headbutt Ryan. Although that wasn't the best option, it was the only thing Ryan could do: he thickened the Frost Armor around his head. Still, despite that, the armor cracked in that part, and Ryan saw the world spinning.

"Mental note for the future do not use headbutts, dumbass" Ryan muttered amidst the pain.

Although he said that, Ryan realized that Tyr didn't attack him soon afterward. When Ryan recovered from the shock, he saw a dizzy Tyr, bleeding from his forehead. Ryan decided to capitalize that chance and then grabbed Poseidon's Trident like it was a fork and tried to pierce Tyr. Still, then he recovered just in time to jump backward.

Ryan clicked his tongue and then stored away from the weapons. While he couldn't use the power of those weapons fully, he could make up for it by using Telekinesis. At that point in time, there was no reason to hide his trump cards. For the first time in two weeks, Ryan wondered why he was doing that anyway. While he liked to use Stealth, he wasn't the type to hold back in a fight. So, what do the dungeon masters see that he could do? He just has to make up for it.

When Tyr landed on the ground, he was bombarded by invisible bolts that he couldn't even feel them approaching. Ryan finally summoned the Absolute Death Crossbow and began to use it. Since he was causing direct damage and he could be hit anywhere, Tyr was forced to cover his eyes since his eyelids had been damaged. Tyr thought that he would solve the problem by doing that, but it didn't, since the crossbow had been crafted by using Thanatos' spirit. Besides, it could cause extra damage against elder gods.

In order not to run out of mana, Ryan swallowed other pieces of mithril. Still, instead of attacking from a distance, he kept firing the crossbow as he approached Tyr. Ryan tried to recall that feeling, and without letting the anger take over his mind, he used Dark Ice Breath. When Tyr noticed that the attack would be different, it was too late. He had already been completed covered in a thick layer of dark ice.

Congratulations! The skill Ice Breath has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Ice Breath has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Ice Breath has leveled up.

Before his vision could get clouded, Ryan deactivated Rage and used Anger Manipulation to calm himself down. That actually worked, but Ryan wasted some precious seconds since he focused only on doing that. In the meantime, the dark ice began to crack. Before that could happen, Ryan began to collect a lot of light in the area and solidified, turning into a giant arrow of light. In the blink of an eye, he used all the mana he had obtained by eating the mithril. When the ice finally broke, Tyr was hit by that attack.

The explosion of light burned everything in the surroundings of the battlefield, and as much as Ryan wanted to keep attacking, he couldn't since he got so close to the explosion that the light blinded him for a few seconds. When Ryan could see things again, he saw Tyr standing a few meters away from him, covered in blood, and miasma was leaving his wounds. It was the same state Alissa left him before. Ryan decided to use another Ice Breath, but even before he could open his mouth, he saw his eyes getting clouded by the corruption. If he were to use that attack again, he would lose his mind. Without any other choice, Ryan decided to finish him off with the Absolute Death Crossbow. However, some mithril shields appeared around Tyr, and Ryan lost sight of him which was weird. Tyr didn't say anything.

"Don't interfere," Tyr said. "Things were just getting interesting."

It looked like Tyr was talking with his partner. As expected, whoever was working with him, watched the whole fight and decided to interfere once they realized that things might become messy for Tyr. In the end, Ryan lost his golden chance. The effects of the STR potions were finally over, and he had used all of the ones he had. He still had other options, but the chances of Tyr falling for them were pretty low. Even if he falls, Ryan was expecting that Tyr's partner would interfere again.

While Ryan was wondering about what he should do, he noticed that Tyr was frowning while looking behind Ryan's back. Thanks to that, he noticed that someone was approaching, and that was Alissa in his draconic form. However, Femradiel was nowhere to be seen that being said, Alissa's hands were covered in blood.

"No way" Ryan muttered.

In the end, it looked like Femradiel failed, and she stayed silent about it since that was her plan, to begin with. Still It was weird that she didn't warn Ryan since it was obvious that Alissa would come for him. What happened to her?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1