Chapter 790: Sealed

Chapter 790: Sealed

Once the slime ran out of juice, Ryan couldn't help but wonder what he should do. Even if it was a slime, he couldn't kill it with his hands alone. To make things worse, the creature was blocking his path to the car, where his bow and quiver were supposed to be.

"In any case, since this is related to my memories, I guess all my skills are sealed" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Is there a way for me to use them? Perhaps if I use Memory Manipulation I guess I can't do it."

If Ryan couldn't even summon his magic bows, there was no way he would be able to use such a complicated skill. Unfortunately, he couldn't think of any way to break the illusion aside from recovering such skills.

"Let's see maybe I can do this" Ryan said.

Class: (--) / (--) / (--)

Race: (--) / (--) / (--)

Rank: --

Health: 10/10

Mana: 10/10

Stamina: 10/10

Strength: 7

Dexterity: 9

Speed: 7

Intelligence: 6

Endurance: 7

Control: 6

Mentality: 7

Luck: 6

Recovery: 01

Willpower: 7

Coins: 00

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills:

Ryan confirmed that he could see his status screen as expected. Not even the enemy could change a memory so much that even that would disappear. In any case, Ryan approached the slime, and then it jumped to crush Ryan. He moved to the side to dodge the attack, but he still hit his left shoulder and got hit by the enemy.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Pain Resistance!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Pain Immunity!

"So, it is like that, huh" Ryan nodded to himself.

Ryan also noticed that the skill returned at the levels they should be in reality, and he gained some extra status points according to the level of the skills. In the end, Ryan allocated all of them in speed and then hurried to retrieve his bow and quiver. Thanks to that, he finished the creature in the blink of an eye. The difference in speed granted him the power to aim extremely fast.

"I guess I discovered the trick the question is: which skill do I have to regain to destroy the illusion?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

The next slime approached, and then Ryan did the same when the creature fired another Earth Arrow. He let it scratch his shoulder. Thanks to the increase in his speed, he could easily do it, but it looked like his stamina won't last for long that way.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Earth Resistance!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Fire Resistance!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Cold Resistance!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Wind Resistance!

When Ryan entered the dungeon, he had already recovered most of his elemental resistances, at the least the low-level ones. Still, he didn't notice any difference so far. After thinking for a while, Ryan couldn't help but wonder recovering the skill was really the way to dispel the illusion?

"Mmm with this much power, I guess I can take down the boss," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Perhaps, doing something that I didn't do before will solve the problem"

Before challenging the boss, though. Ryan tried to recover the first skills he obtained. For some reason, they didn't show up until now because he didn't focus enough to obtain them, but after some attempts

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Power Shot!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Accuracy!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Eagle Eye!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Concentration!

"All right, with those, this will be a cinch," Ryan said.

With all those skills at a high level and the status points, Ryan indeed defeated the boss pretty easily most likely, not even twenty minutes had passed since the dungeons appeared. In any case, that didn't break the illusion

"This is starting to annoy me" Ryan said while furrowing his eyebrows.

Perhaps Ryan needed to do something more drastic instead of making events happen sooner than they should, he should do things that didn't happen before like, for example, picking the Swordsman class instead of the Hunter class.

"Nah, it can't be that easy" Ryan said and then picked up the Hunter class. "Perhaps something at the level of preventing someone's death will be enough.

After thinking for a while, Lilian's friends were the first people he saw dying in front of him. But then he realized something perhaps that defeating the hobgoblins without losing his hand might break the illusion. That certainly was a physical event that didn't happen instead of a magic one like the class choices.

"Well, now how do I arrive in that dungeon without meeting a single dragon on the way?" Ryan asked.

Ryan could always use Cole's motorcycle again, but he should be in the area at that point in time. If he were to rob his house and then get caught that kind of thing made Ryan wonder What will happen if he doesn't meet the persons that he met before? The officer that he met on the first illusion was Anna, and she seemed the same as he remembered, but if he doesn't give them a hand that illusion might become even more troublesome since some things that aren't supposed to happen will happen

"My head is starting to hurt this is supposed to be an illusion inside a dream, how come such a spell can be so complex?" Ryan asked. "Making me see the system how it was before while the skills return to the level they should be."

While Ryan was considering his options, he saw an airplane falling near that mountain. He already knew that such a thing was bound to happen, but even so, he couldn't help but feel some complicated feelings. Aside from that, he wondered how Femradiel and Alissa were since they fell for the same spell. Hopefully, they would be in a better situation than Zaos, but considering their backgrounds, that was hard to imagine.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1