Chapter 785: Draconic Assassin

Chapter 785: Draconic Assassin

A lot of dragons were following Ryan, Femradiel, Alissa, and Nakine. At least half of the population of dragons was with them to obtain power the other half was supposed to protect the villages if something happens. Still, it was kind of weird that a mighty race now only had two thousand members Ryan didn't know much about dragon physiology. Still, if he used Femradiel's thirstiness as a basis, perhaps they could reproduce as fast as rabbits.

"When was the last time someone obtained the power of the seven crystal hearts?" Ryan asked.

"That never happened," Nakine replied. "The seven dragons never stayed together in a single place aside from when they fought. Due to the situation of the world in the last hundred years, we never had the chance to move the crystal to places close to each other, it was just too risky."

"Maybe they stayed in different places already considering the fact that in the future, they would become crystals," Femradiel said. "By staying far away from each other, only those who survive a hard journey would be deserving of their power."

"Would you do the same if the fate of your race were in danger?" Ryan asked.

"Would you give the power to all humans if they were in danger?" Femradiel asked.

"Don't answer a question with another question" Ryan said and then sighed. "I understand your point, though. Although their descendants were free from the corruption, it doesn't mean that they won't fall for it again. The harsh journey probably is a means to make your people stronger mentally and less capable of falling to the clutches of corruption. It is obvious that those seven dragons prepared this."

Many shared the same thoughts, but Nakine wasn't that understanding. Although he was the leader of a tribe, he lost too many allies because they weren't strong enough. Hence, he couldn't help but be a bit mad at those requirements left by their ancestors. For a seven hundred-year-old dragon, he sure was nave and didn't how lucky he was receiving that kind of power. Ryan was fully aware that he was lucky by founding a slime dungeon on the first day, but it couldn't be compared to the luck of the pendragons.

The sixth tribe was hidden inside a mountain of ice although a good part of the place was below ground level, the mountain was unnaturally big. Someone attentive enough would understand that the mountain had been created by a dragon, and apparently, one of the seven dragons was the one who made it. Although one might discover that the mountain was unnatural, destroying it was nearly impossible. Ryan noticed that the mountain was sturdy was mithril the only downside was the fact that the interior was extremely cold.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Assassin!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Claw, Draconic Control, and Draconic Speed.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Claw.

Effect: It exponentially increases the damage caused by a single furtive attack. If the enemy survives the surprise attack, all his status will decrease by at least twenty percent.

Cost: all your mana.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Control.

Effect: It permanently increases your control by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

Cost: all your mana

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Speed.

Effect: It permanently increases your speed by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

This new class seemed pretty interesting from Ryan's perspective. Since he and Femradiel were always fighting together, one of them could use it to decrease the foes' strength. Still, soon after thinking that, Ryan couldn't help but wonder wouldn't that be pretty cowardly? Not to mention all the victories he had as of late, with the exception of Hephaestus, Femradiel played a major role.

"What are you looking at?" Femradiel asked and then smiled. "Could it be that you can't resist anymore?"

"No, I was just thinking that it looks like you got fat in the last few weeks," Ryan said.

Ryan knew that was a landmine, but he stepped anyway. Although Femradiel didn't do anything physical, she looked at him as if he had made the worst mistake of his life. Even Alissa was looking at him with reproachful eyes.

"It was a joke, a joke," Ryan said. "You are always saying nonsensical things, why can't I do the same?"

"Because you rarely say nonsensical things," Femradiel replied.

"That doesn't explain anything," Ryan said.

Ryan made a mental note to keep his mouth closed when he thinks of saying something sarcastic. Perhaps the victory against Hephaestus got on his head. Still, he couldn't afford to get carried away and be beaming with confidence. Not when someone destroyed seven dungeons recently.

As they moved toward the next tribe, things got pretty quiet in the group. The main reason for that was the fact that Ryan was spending his time looking at that world with different eyes. The last two weeks passed pretty fast because Ryan had only a few things in mind, but now that he thought about it, it was the first time he spent so much time away from Earth. Alissa spent even more time away from it, so she was even more quiet than him.

"Dear me, who could have thought that you two could be so quiet at times like this," Femradiel said.

" What are you planning after this?" Ryan asked.

"I will continue searching for a method to bring back Orgar," Alissa replied. "This job made me realize that perhaps I was too narrow-minded, there are many worlds out there, and even some unexpected species might have the answers that I want. I will search for other worlds where civilizations exist like this."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1