Chapter 784: Draconic Mage

Chapter 784: Draconic Mage

They searched for quite a few survivors, but in the end, only fifty of the original five hundred survived. As for the chimeras, not a single one survived. After a while, Femradiel had the idea to use Memory Manipulation to check what had happened, but at the end, when Ryan accessed her memories, she didn't even find the part where she created the ice wall to protect that small group.

"I never heard of something like this happening before" Alissa said. "This is giving me creeps."

"I am sorry about your allies, Nakine," Ryan said.

"Well I can't complain right now," Nakine said with a tired expression on his face. "You defeated Hephaestus, and I am sure those two protected those they could. The problem is what will happen from now on."

They decided to return to the fourth village to rest, and they heard something even more unbelievable all the dungeons of the dungeon masters that managed to capture dragons had been destroyed. In the places they once had been, the pendragons found those massive craters.

Everyone looked at each other in confusion. While it was good news that the dungeons disappeared, the chances of freeing their allies disappeared with it. Before going to those places, Ryan, Femradiel, Alissa, and Nakine decided to move to the first crater, and there, Alissa tried to check the link between worlds. It was the same thing she used to arrive on that planet, but she didn't find anything.

"It is no good," Alissa said. "I didn't think this was possible, but the link was completely destroyed."

"Is it different from the others you found?" Ryan asked.

"The other weakened over time since the dungeon master that connected this world, and the other passed away, but ultimately, it would never disappear," Alissa explained. "Planets aren't standing still in the universe; I am sure that you know that. So, only powerful magic would keep two worlds connected like that while they move around. Hence, it is a magic that its traces won't ever disappear."

It seemed like it was one hell of a spell but even a spell-like that could be destroyed. Ryan didn't think that energy could be destroyed like that, but he didn't know many things. It was nave to think that he could come up with answers using only the knowledge he obtained in the last year.

"How are the other tribes?" Ryan asked.

"They are fine, just a bit worried that whatever destroyed the dungeons will return to finish us off," Nakine said. "And also, a bit depressed now that they know that our captured allies won't return."

"The dungeons that were destroyed, the dungeon masters were the most troublesome ones you knew, right?" Ryan asked. "Is there anyone else who could take down all of them at the same time?"

"No something that powerful, we never found on our planet," Nakine replied.

In the end, all of them decided to check the other dungeons and make sure that no danger was nearby. They didn't find a single monster, and as if things weren't weird enough, the other dungeon masters that were lurking around also retreated to their worlds. They didn't want to get anywhere close to a thing that could cause such destruction.

"It seems now we have the peace that we always wanted, not the way we wanted, but peace nonetheless," Nakine said.

"Considering what happened, I don't think that staying in a single place will be that effective, but dividing yourselves into tribes won't work either," Ryan said.

"I know, we are going to move to the other side of the planet and stay on the remotest parts until we confirm that we can protect ourselves from anything," Nakine said. "Regardless, since we are here, we might as well give you the chance to use the other crystals."

"Are you sure of that? Our deal was to free all your captured allies, and we didn't have the chance to do so," Ryan said.

"It is fine. We didn't do much in these previous fights," Nakine said. "Still, I would like to think that you will return to help us if something happens."

"I see, so you are trying to make me feel indebted in order to fight alongside you, when necessary," Ryan said. "Well, I guess that is fine."

Even Alissa and Femradiel thought that was fine since that power-up was more than welcome, and after the attack caused by an unknown enemy, they needed all the power-up they could get.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Mage!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Intelligence, Draconic Mentality, and Draconic Willpower.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Intelligence.

Effect: It permanently increases your intelligence by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Mentality.

Effect: It permanently increases your mentality by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Willpower.

Effect: It permanently increases your willpower by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Although Ryan was expecting a bit more from that class, he always welcomed passive skills. Regardless, after Ryan, Femradiel, and Alissa's turn, all the other dragons touched the fifth crystal. Considering how many experienced warriors they lost in the last battle, they couldn't help but hurry up and make all of their members obtain that power. More than ever, that was absolutely necessary.

In any case, Ryan couldn't help but wonder will they gain a special power once they obtain all of the seven draconic classes? Another thing that he found weird now was why the tribes split and took the crystal hearts to different regions? Would something happen if they stay in the same place? It certainly would make things simpler for the dragons to obtain power, though.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1