Chapter 786: Draconic Lord

Chapter 786: Draconic Lord

That was pretty interesting to do. If Ryan had time to do so, he would do as well. After all, space is much deeper than any human can ever imagine, so there was no telling what one could find out there.

"That is fine, but you should be more careful since dungeons and domains can be destroyed so easily," Ryan said. "Your way back to Earth might be destroyed and finding another way will cost you a domain stone."

"I already have a solution to that problem," Alissa said.

Alissa was even quieter than Ryan lately, so she had plenty of time for that. Regardless, they eventually found the seventh tribe hidden in the only ocean of that world. They had a natural barrier since the entire ocean was covered in a thick mist for some reason.

The islands around weren't that big as well, so only some attentive eyes would be able to find it. Although that was the case, the pendragons there had enough land to cultivate some weird vegetables that were filled with mana. They could grow so fast that they had enough food all year round for two tribes.

Those two tribes heard of the conflict, but they decided not to participate from the very beginning. They haven't been attacked for the past five hundred years, so they got used to that peace. As if that wasn't enough, the inhabitants there looked at Ryan and the others with dubious eyes.

"For some reason, I feel pretty angry here," Ryan said.

"It is not like I don't understand you, but" Nakine said.

"Yeah, I got it," Ryan said.

Fortunately, the members of the tribe didn't try to interfere. Maybe it was due out of respect for those who could have fought the last fights, or because they were fearing the power they obtained while using all the other crystals.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Draconic Priest!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Mana, Draconic Recovery, and Draconic Absorption.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Mana.

Effect: It permanently increases your mana by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Recovery.

Effect: It permanently increases your recovery by one hundred points for each skill at the max level that you have.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Absorption.

Effect: It grants you the power to eat elemental spells to recover your mana. The amount of mana recovered will be based on the level of the elemental resistances.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have completed the trial of the seven pendragons and obtained their special class. You have become a Level one Draconic Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Draconic Soul, Draconic Leadership, and Draconic Submission.

All of your status has increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Soul.

Effect: It permanently increases all of your statuses by one hundred percent when absorbing the soul of a dragon defeated by you.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Leadership.

Effect: It temporarily increases all of your statuses by five percent by each dragon fighting by your side.

You obtained 1000 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Draconic Submission.

Effect: It grants you the power to force other dragons into submission. If you defeat a dragon and use this skill, the target will be unable to defy your orders.

You obtained 1000 status points.

As soon as they obtained the same power, all of the dragons repeated what Ryan, Alissa, and Femradiel did: they looked at each other in confusion. Those new skills were a bit too powerful a sudden power up like that by defeating a single dragon was just too absurd. Besides, wouldn't it be the same thing as stimulating the dragons to kill each other?

"What do you think of this, Nakine?" Ryan asked.

"I told you the dragons that obtain the power of the seven crystals will have power equal to the seven that freed our race," Nakine said. "I couldn't expect anything less from them, since they were able to fight against thousands of cursed dragons."

That was right, but it also meant that they used the souls of the cursed dragons to become more powerful did they truly try to free the entire species? Or did they just want to create an environment where they would be the absolute leaders? That was a question for Nakine and his friends.

"It seems that you and your friends will have a lot of time to think about this," Ryan said. "So, we should hurry up and give you guys the space necessary to do that."

"I once again thank you three for the help, and" Nakine said.

"Yeah, we know. We will return if you need a hand," Ryan said.

"We have some slots on the domains available to create new dungeons," Nakine said. "So, we will eventually connect this world with Earth."

"I am not sure this is a good idea, but do as you wish," Ryan shrugged.

If the pendragons fight by his side, Ryan will be able to make good use of Draconic Leadership. However, he doubted that they would be able to accomplish anything on Earth. Not to mention, the individual that attacked and destroyed the dungeons probably had some ties with Earth.

"Speaking of which, did you guys receive any notification that you now are a lady of war or something?" Ryan asked.

"No, we didn't even receive extra coins. So, most likely, Tyr is still alive." Feramdiel replied

That seemed somewhat troublesome to think that he would survive an attack of that level Was he hit by it? Or was he spared by the attacker? That was another important question.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1