Chapter 798: Failure

Chapter 798: Failure

Ryan's plan seemed very risky like all others, but with this one, he felt really confident for some reason. Destroy all the dungeons in the dream world, and the dream world will be completely different from his memories. If that weren't enough, eventually, Ryan will cause enough damage to the mana that was keeping him unconscious in reality.

To make things as efficient as possible, Ryan used his dragons to obtain coins and items he could sell. After all, he will need all the mana he can get to destroy all dungeons in the world.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Night Hunting.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Hunter Specialization.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Corruption Sense.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Firing Posture.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Magic Bow.

After going on a quick trip to recover certain skills, Ryan began to destroy all the dungeons in North America. With the help of Firing Posture and Magic Bow, he obtained the power to destroy an entire dungeon in a couple of minutes, but Ryan still wanted more.

"Come to think of it I didn't receive any notifications about the rank and their rewards," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "After working like this, I should be the strongest human in this dream world Now that I think about it, I didn't find any monster's DNA that I could use"

Ryan couldn't help but wonder that Hypnos tried to make Ryan waste a lot of time by not replicating those features, but in the end, Ryan concluded that wasn't the reason. He couldn't actually tell what it was, but something seemed off

Regardless, with the help of the dragons, Ryan obtained a considerable deal of coins, and his speed increased a little bit. Although his skills could level up much faster while he was in his draconic form, the skills still were leveling up pretty fast for some reason if he only could find Femradiel there

Even though Ryan hurried, it took him a full week to destroy all the dungeons in North America. At that rate, it will take months to return to the real world Ryan didn't want to stay conscious for that long. Although there was no guarantee that time worked at the same speed in both worlds, there was no guarantee either that it was faster in the dream world.

"I guess I will have to focus on destroying the dungeons in Europe," Ryan nodded to himself. "Isis said that the dungeons of the Greek elder gods could be found mostly in there I can't see any reason why Hypnos wouldn't do the same as others."

While he and his group of dragons were flying to Europe, Ryan made sure to use all the essences he got recently. He created a pretty decent supply of mana and DEX potions. He wasn't supposed to need the DEX potions, but Ryan decided to make them just to be safe.

Ryan decided to destroy all the dungeons in Europe, but he started in Greece the reason being that when he approached, he saw dozens of those there, and the country wasn't the biggest in the region, but it certainly had a high number of dungeons. Without wasting any time, Ryan destroyed several dungeons in a couple of seconds, but then when he approached Athens to do the same, he noticed the world trembling. He had the same feeling that he has when a world-wide dungeon breaks happens. However, that shouldn't be possible

Ryan checked the other dungeons, but he only saw the monsters being killed by something invisible he couldn't help but frown since he never saw something like that happening before. As if that wasn't weird enough, he saw a domain barrier suddenly erecting around that dungeon he was about to attack.

"Found you" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

It seemed that Hypnos didn't want to fight or didn't want to let Ryan destroy the dungeon. If anything, that was very suspicious. Regardless, Ryan attacked the barrier with all his might, but he failed in destroying it.

"Come to think of it why did he erected the barrier after killing the monsters?" Ryan asked while frowning. "He is an elder god and his is a world where he can do anything did he need mana and coins to erect that?"

That was another problematic question in any case, Ryan attacked for quite a while until he eventually ran out of potions. Even the dragons helped him, but that didn't change anything. Ryan decided to retreat and then think of another approach, and then he noticed that the trembling ended.

"He definitely is using the monsters to keep the barrier up" Ryan said.

At least that showed Ryan how he could make Hypnos unable to keep the barrier up he just had to prevent any monster from spawning that was great It was a lot of work, but at least Ryan knew what he had to do to escape.

Ryan decided to make his dragons attack the barrier while he went to destroy other dungeons, but much to his surprise, the tremor didn't return. However, once Ryan began to attack again, it returned.

"Son of a" Ryan said. "I can't even use the dragons against the barrier?"

In the end, Ryan couldn't even do one of the few things he was good at which was multitasking. He will have to do the heavy lifting all by himself after a long sigh, Ryan made his dragons go kill all the monsters they could find. At the same time, he began to destroy all the dungeons.

While Ryan was working, he found a massive number of survivors, but he didn't contact them in the end. He didn't have any more seconds to waste in that dream world, after all. If they couldn't help him escape, then they were none of his business. Since he hurried, Ryan destroyed all the dungeons in Europe in a week. However, he was worried about the fact that Hypnos didn't try to stop him most likely, he had another thing to use against Ryan.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1