Chapter 794: Hunting

Chapter 794: Hunting

In the end, Ryan really decided to pay a visit to the salamanders' dungeon. The main reason was because he would need Tame, and the second reason was because he would be able to surprise the dragons with more efficiency at night.

Unfortunately, the motorcycle ran out of fuel much sooner than he predicted, so he had to run for one hundred kilometers. While he could fly, he didn't need to draw the attention of the dragons.

"Found it..." Ryan said, trying to catch his breath and covered in sweat.

The place was already swarming with salamanders, but in the end, even those couldn't survive with a steel bolt in their heads. The monsters out the vegetation around in flames, trying to damage him since they weren't fast enough to enter their range. Still, they failed, and ultimately, they just became a pile of corpses.

"Well, they are level two. Even if I let them attack me, they wouldn't cause much damage," Ryan shrugged. "Come to think of it. if the system can work here and I am recovering my skill, what will happen outside with the skills that I gain that I didn't obtain in reality?"

That was an interesting question that could only be answered once he finds his way out of that dream. As usual, Ryan hurried to clear the dungeon. However, he underestimated the boss of the dungeon. He fired dozens of steel bolts, but the creature melted them. Ryan couldn't help but frown. Still, he didn't stop there. He kept going until the dungeon master ran out of mana. It was only obvious that it would happen extremely soon since it was only at level three.

"Things seem a bit different here" Ryan said after he obtained his next class. "I am pretty sure this part of the dungeon was supposed to be more ominous."

Ryan couldn't feel much mana coming from the purple crystal something was definitely off with it. It was dangerous, but Ryan decided to touch the crystal because he felt like it, and he needed to confirm a few things. Was Hypnos' spell so powerful that it could even replicate other worlds and even worlds that Ryan hadn't been? As it turned out, it seemed that wasn't the case, he touched the crystal, but nothing happened.

"... All right, let's not panic," Ryan said to himself. "Maybe the crystal isn't working because I never used this one before. So, that confirms that Hypnos spell has limits, which is good. However, what if this is a limitation all the purple crystals have?"

If that were the case, Ryan wouldn't be able to contact Isis. Objectively speaking, why would Hypnos create a dream like that and put someone that could help Ryan? Real or not? It didn't make any sense.

"No, there is a chance that Hypnos didn't create this entire dream," Ryan said. "Since he is using my memories as a basis, it is only natural that it will have holes."

Now that Ryan thought about it, there was a huge chance that Hypnos used that spell on the whole world. That would explain why Isis tried to warn him the very moment he returned. Also, considering that, it would be crazy to think that he would go as far as to create dreams that lock every single person on Earth in a dream world. Still, Ryan was considering things from a human's perspective. His mentality might change a lot if he has the chance to live for thousands of years.

Ryan had planned to stay in that dungeon until night and then ambush the dragons in Shreveport. However, now that some other questions appeared on his head, he couldn't afford to do that. So, he ran back to Slime's dungeon at full speed.

In the end, Ryan returned around the time the sun was setting to the slimes' dungeon. He found Cole's group already there, and they were arguing about something. It was another scene that was repeating itself. Still, they kept quiet when Ryan suddenly appeared.

"You are" Cole said.

"I am sorry, I am kind of busy," Ryan said.

Ryan ignored the survivors and then headed toward the last part of the dungeon. He touched it, but there was no response Instead of being angry, Ryan felt tired. He was running in circles at that rate. What could he do to undo the spell? Find Hypnos in that dream world?

"All right let's not waste time thinking about useless stuff," Ryan massaged his eyebrows and then said. "Let's focus on what I can do right now

Ryan left the dungeon after ignoring everyone again. Right now, the only thing he could think of doing that might be meaningful was to recover his powers. Once he does that, perhaps he will be able to resist the dream world.

After a couple of hours, Ryan arrived in Shreveport and just in time to see a dragon melting the foundation of a building with Fire Breath. The city was being burned down by dozens of dragons even at night, and the few survivors that were on the streets were there because their shelters had been attacked. Regardless, Ryan's current range was two kilometers, so he activated Power Shot when he got close enough. Since the target was busy, it didn't feel Ryan's presence, or maybe it was due to the fact that Ryan didn't emit any animosity.

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Perception!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Precision!

Congratulations! You have recovered the skill Art of Sniping!

Ryan ignored the alerts after he fired and put a bolt on the dragon's forehead. Although the projectile didn't pierce all that much the monster's skin due to the level of the weapon, the massive concentration of penetrated the dragons' head and pierced all the way to the monster's brain. Ryan succeeded in one shooting a dragon.

"They are much weaker than I thought" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Well, I can't underestimate them despite that."

Although Ryan tried to keep himself hidden, the other dragons noticed when one of them fell. They soon raised their guards and prepared to hunt the one who killed their ally.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1