Chapter 797: Plan

Chapter 797: Plan

When the third day ended, Ryan had recovered most of the classes he had obtained in US territory. Now he just needed to go to Canada and then get the High Priest class and then Mexico to get the Ranger class. That will take some time, but then Ryan will be able to recover the Artemis' Disciple class.

"I need more than fifteen million to buy the Spatial Manipulation and once that happens, I guess half of my powers will be back," Ryan said. "The other half I will have once I find the Femradiel of this world."

Femradiel was pretty smart, so she must be one of the first dragons that recovered her sanity. Still, the trip to the extreme south of South America would belong, even on the back of a dragon. Not to mention, there is no guarantee that she will be there

"Oh, well I can't just stay here clearing low-level dungeons forever," Ryan shrugged.

There was always the option of waiting for someone to beat Hypnos or cancel the spell in some way or another, but Ryan wasn't the type to sit around and wait for others to do the heavy work.

After flying for several hours, Ryan finally reached the Fenrir's dungeon. Just as he had imagined, he didn't hear Loki's voice when he defeated a weakened version of Fenrir. That confirmed that the illusion was limited still, thanks to that, Ryan couldn't help but wonder

"If the illusion only replicates Earth, what will happen if I try to leave it?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Once he obtained the next class, Ryan decided to fly high on the back of a dragon. At some point, he noticed that there were no stars in the sky. In fact, clouds were covering the whole planet even though clouds were supposed to be found fifty kilometers above ground level.

"I guess this confirms it, even Hypnos could only create a copy of Earth in his spell," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

Ryan knew that it was a waste of time, but he tried to fire his arrows upwards and see if they hit some sort of barrier, but in the end, they only disappeared after a while. It was a bit risky, but Ryan decided to make the dragon leave the planet in the end. It wouldn't be for long, but both of them could survive out there without freezing to death for a few seconds.

In the end, Ryan didn't even feel the temperature decreasing. As soon as his body became lighter, he just saw himself and the dragon standing in the place they had been a few seconds ago. Ryan tried again, but in the end, that just confirmed that breaking the spell wouldn't be that easy

"It has been a while since someone made me this mad" Ryan said and then sighed.

That spell was really annoying, but thanks to it, Ryan had the chance to see things from a different perspective and even learn about Hypnos. By the look of things, he wasn't an opponent that would try to kick his ass directly. He was probably a mage-type who was planning to make Ryan despair in that illusion. That was pretty nasty, but Ryan would do worse if he had a brother and that brother had been killed.

Regardless, Ryan returned to his group of dragons and then proceeded to Mexico. The trip would be long, so time was of the essence. At the same time, he was flying on a dragons' back. Ryan tried to come up with other ways to dispel the dream world, but as expected, he was extremely limited with the skills he had or obtained in the past. Not to mention, he didn't have much experience in dealing with illusions.

Perhaps he should train that skill, Illusion Resistance or Sleep Resistance. However, that probably won't help all that much now that he was under a spell. He had to find another way

After ten hours, Ryan reached the Chupacabra's dungeon in Mexico, and after clearing the place, he managed to recover Lunar Arrow. However, there was no change in the ambient in any way. Regardless, Ryan obtained enough coins to recover Spatial Manipulation, and once he used the skill, he recovered access to his vault.

"This illusion is made of mana, huh" Ryan said and then summoned the Spiritualist's Crossbow.

Ryan pointed the crossbow downward and pulled the trigger. Much to his surprise, the bolt damaged the ground much more than he had expected. No, it didn't damage the ground it made it disappear. Ryan pulled the trigger several times in an arrow and confirmed that the matter had been completely erased, creating a hole in the ground. Ryan was finally making some progress the arrows that could drain mana of anything that could affect the dream world, but it wasn't affecting as much as Ryan wanted.

"It is probably because I am only using one at a time and because my dexterity is really low compared to before, if compared to the time when I use Draconic Transformation, it is laughably" Ryan said and then rubbed his chin. "In any case, I managed to find a way to damage this fake reality, but how exactly can I make it disappear?"

After thinking for a while, Ryan understood that the dream world is supposed to have some sort of core since there were no boundaries. He couldn't force his way out since he was basically trapped inside his head so he had to destroy the mana within him. The possible core could be anywhere but Ryan decided to aim for some places that seemed more suspicious: the dungeons.

Ryan made his dragons attack the dungeons, but he didn't notice any real damage being caused. However, when he used the Spiritualist's Crossbow, he actually managed to damage the place and even destroy the purple crystal. Not even a dungeon break was possible to make happen in that world.

"All right, this can work I just need to recover the Magic Bow skill and then destroy Hypnos' dungeon like this," Ryan nodded to himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1