Chapter 792: Easy Mode

Chapter 792: Easy mode

When Ryan obtained the Hunter class, the class returned to him to the max level since he had already reached it at some point in the past. Thanks to that and all the skills he obtained, he recovered a pretty decent amount of power, and now the small fries were even less than an annoyance to him. However, that only made him worry.

"Defeating most enemies like this won't be a problem, the issue is why am I gaining my powers in this dream world?" Ryan asked. "By using this, I will be able to do things that I wasn't supposed to do, so breaking the spell in theory, should be simple. If my guesses are actually right."

In any case, Ryan decided to follow the same path that he did it before by focusing on increasing Dexterity and Recovery. His attacks will cause more damage, and he will be able to attack more often. In theory, that was the best plan of action, but Ryan wasn't that confident.

After two hours, he found the region where the goblins' dungeon was supposed to be. Much to his surprise, he arrived just in time to find a group of goblins dragging on the ground some survivors, Daniel's father, was among them.

"John I guess this isn't like an alternative reality, even if my actions are different, it won't change the flow of a timeline like a wave," Ryan nodded to himself and then stopped his motorcycle. "In any case, I will have to clear that dungeon, so why not start working now?"

Ryan didn't try to be stealthy, so the goblins found him. Some of them tried to run and attack him, but before they could have the chance to do so, Ryan put an arrow on their heads. The goblins that had prisoners didn't even see Ryan pulling the bow's string, but that was only obvious.

"Let's see to create something of his magnitude, only an elder god would be able to do it," Ryan muttered. "The trick of canceling the spell is by finding them? If this is a dream world instead of an illusion then, perhaps the one who created this was Hypnos. It doesn't seem like things disappear as soon as I am not looking toward, so I can't help but feel amazed at this absurd power."

According to the lore, Hypnos was a primordial deity in Greek mythology, the personification of sleep. In the underworld, he lived in a cave next to his twin brother, Thanatos, where no light was cast by the sun or the moon. Considering what Ryan did to his brother, it was only obvious that Hypnos would seek vengeance. Still, he found a pretty roundabout way to do that. Imagining how much mana one would have to use to create a place like that... it was much better to use all that mana and attack.

Ryan wasn't paying much attention to the goblins, so they decided to escape with their prisoners once they noticed that Ryan was someone way out of their league. Although Ryan's head was somewhere else, he didn't let them escape. He put an arrow on their heads.

Although they had the chance to escape, the survivors didn't even get up. They were so beaten that they couldn't stay conscious, much less move at all. Since Ryan didn't have any healing skills, he couldn't help them. Carrying them over to the dungeon was impossible, so he had to wait for a while until a group of dumbasses led by Daniel showed up.

"Ryan? Is that you?" Daniel asked.

Ryan took a single look at them, and he recalled that those two showed the same expression the first time he saw them in almost the same situation. That was definitely just a dream, so why was he so focused on helping the people that he did before? In any case, Ryan ignored them and went to the dungeon.

Daniel and his group looked at each other in confusion since Ryan ignored them completely. When Ryan found the dungeon, the number of goblins was surprisingly small. Still, that was also just a minor detail. Instead of that, he was worried about what he would do if the enemy was actually Hypnos. He had no idea where his dungeon was, and his mobility was incredibly low in his current situation.

"I wonder if things here will be the same in reality can I talk with Isis here?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It would be weird if I could, but I guess the chances aren't actually null."

Perhaps if Ryan finds Femradiel in that dream, he will solve the problem of mobility. However, he couldn't help but wonder what would happen if he told them that they were living inside a dream and that they don't actually exist or if they exist and they are all in the same dream no if that were the case, Cole, Carter, and Anna would have recognized him. In any case, Ryan will have a lot of work on his hands from now on. There were many questions about that environment, but if Ryan wanted to escape and perhaps one day defeat Hypnos, be will have to understand every single thing about it. Otherwise, finding a weakness or a way to counter won't be possible and Zaos will stay stuck in there forever.

"I guess it's better having something to do, than having nothing in this situation," Ryan muttered. "Perhaps, I can find a way to end this damn spell along the way before I find Isis."

Regardless, Ryan began to fight the goblins in their village, and things ended pretty quickly since he put everything on fire with Flame Arrows. Those that escaped the flames fell after getting hit by Ryan's arrows. It was like playing a game in the easy mode where Ryan knew everything, but it wasn't fun or even boring. It was just work.

"I'd better hurry up, before those dumbasses approach," Ryan said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1