Chapter 791: Same Old

Chapter 791: Same old

In the end, Ryan found Cole, Carter, and Anna. After just a few minutes of looking around, they were trying to help people. Still, few of them could listen to the words of police officers while dozens of Velociraptors were running around and tearing people into pieces. Without wasting any time, Ryan approached them.

Those three were about to run out of mana at that point in time, so they were already thinking of retreating to somewhere. They lost their vehicles, they were exhausted, and the people weren't listening to them, so Cole, even amidst his despair, recognized the fact that they needed to calm down and focus on a new plan. Such plans disappeared from his head when he saw the Velociraptors getting killed one after the other with a single arrow on their heads. As if that was something easy to do, Ryan approached him.

"Hello there," Ryan said. "Do you see that mountain over there, you can find shelter there. Although some monsters are being spawned, I am sure you can take them down with some knives, go there and obtain some power and items if you want to help people."

"What?" Anna asked. "Who the hell are you?"

"Someone who has eyes and can see that you are close to useless right now," Ryan said. "See this bow? I obtained in that cave, go there and you will have access to many things that will grant you the chance to do your job properly. Now, give me the keys to your home, I will borrow your motorcycle."

" How do I know that I have one?" Cole frowned.

"I obtained the power to read minds in that cave," Ryan replied. "You should hurry, every one hundred seconds, one monster will leave the cave and you three won't be able to take all of them at the same time."

"Are you a special agent or something? Even with weird powers that we can see, you shouldn't have such a fearsome aim," Cole said.

" You are wasting my time," Ryan sighed and then said. "Ah, they are here too"

Ryan saw a pterodactyl in the sky and then recalled the first time he killed one. It was basically at the same time he met Tristan and his sister To save some time, Ryan had an idea. He decided to move with those three for the time being while they head toward Cole's house.

"I will help you guys this time," Ryan said. "In exchange, you will give me your motorcycle, deal?"

"Help? How?" Cole asked.

"Just follow me," Ryan said.

While they headed toward Cole's house, Ryan killed all the monsters he found on the way. Thanks to that, many survivors began to approach since he didn't seem like an enemy, and three police officers were with them. It was weird how people flock to the police when they think that they can be protected.

"Hey, do you think what he said is true?" Anna asked while whispering.

"About superpowers inside a cave?" Cole asked. "I don't know, but I can't explain that aim without superpowers."

"Still, he is too calm considering this situation," Anna said. "Perhaps he is a monster disguised as a human and is leading us to a trap."

"Why would he lead us to a trap?" Carter asked.

"To eat us," Anna replied.

"Why doesn't he eat the monsters he killed then?" Carter asked.

"Well, that is" Anna said but didn't have an answer for that.

Ryan almost let out a sigh. These people sure can whisper pretty loudly. In any case, they soon found Cole's house, and he frowned when Ryan pointed toward there. At the same time, he looked for houses that had been attacked by the Giant Bees, but he didn't find any. However, after a while, he saw one breaking a window and then he heard a boy shouting.

Without wasting any time, Ryan approached and then saw Tristan and Natalia tried to chase away the Giant Bee with some chairs that certainly will take a while. Regardless, Ryan killed the bee.

"Take those two with you as well," Ryan said. "Now, give me the keys."

"Sure where are you going?" Cole asked.

"To Shreveport, don't ask why," Ryan replied. "Instead of that, look at this. If you head toward the dungeon and defeat the big slime, you will be able to do it as well."

Ryan fired some Flame Arrows and killed a group of Pterodactyls instantly with the spells. The people around couldn't help but tremble in fear at the power necessary to take down those creatures. Still, the idea of obtaining that power appealed to them.

In the end, Ryan more or less understood that defeating the Hobgoblin without losing a hand won't change anything. After all, he prevented Natalia from getting wounded, but the illusion seemed as strong as always. Not only that, Ryan probably prevented some deaths when the humans joined his group, but that didn't change a single thing.

The survivors freaked out when they heard that Ryan was planning to leave the region, and unfortunately, the few vehicles in the area wouldn't help them on following him. However, after thinking for a while, they decided not to try to follow him. After all, there was power to be obtained in that mountain.

"This is just a dream, but" Ryan thought. "It is so weird how humans can react in such a precise way."

They would need some supplies, so they took all the food and water they found in Cole's home. Not like it had much in there since he was single, and most of the time, he grabbed food after work and always used those delivery apps.

"Well, I wish you good luck," Ryan said as he turned the engine of the motorcycle and then left in a hurry.

"Do you know him, Cole?" Anna asked. "He sure looked familiar around three armed cops."

"With a skill with the bow like his, he doesn't have to fear guns," Cole said. "But I don't remember ever meeting him."

Class: Hunter Lv Max / (--) / (--)

Race: (--) / (--) / (--)

Rank: --

Health: 110/110

Mana: 110/110

Stamina: 410/410

Strength: 7

Dexterity: 650 (+ 200)

Speed: 145 (+ 100)

Intelligence: 169

Endurance: 7

Control: 6 (+ 100)

Mentality: 7

Luck: 6

Recovery: 455

Willpower: 7

Coins: 255

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 115, Throw Lv 32, Dash Lv 55, Rapid Shot Lv 87,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 195, Concentration Lv 195, Archery Lv 195, Accuracy Lv 195, Stealth Lv 185, Pain Resistance Lv 103,

Spells: Analysis Lv 09, Lurk Lv 08, Mana Transfusion Lv 92, Meditation Lv 48, Flame Arrow Lv 35,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 11, Fear Resistance Lv 26, Fire Resistance Lv 87, Heat Resistance Lv 77, Sleep Resistance Lv 69,

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1