Chapter 795: Frost Beam Crossbow

Chapter 795: Frost Beam Crossbow

Ryan couldn't afford to waste a single minute, so when the dragons headed toward that part of the city, he welcomed them with open arms and bolts on the forehead. Right at that moment, he had enough firepower to kill the dragons, but only one at a time. So, when the second fell, the others soon found Ryan.

"Here it comes," Ryan said.

When the dragons began to fly toward Ryan, he waited patiently, but then when they opened their mouths to use their breath. Ryan jumped with all his might and began to fly. While he didn't have that skill yet, he solved the issue by putting his mana on the dirt under his boots. His sudden speed surprised the dragons, but that was just the beginning. Ryan landed on the back of one of them and began to fire the bolts toward the others alongside Rapid Shot.

"I can't use Power Shot, but I can always kill them by causing damage like this," Ryan muttered.

While the dragon he was using as the vehicle was struggling to make him fall, Ryan damaged all the others. Although his basic abilities couldn't even be compared to before, he was causing enough damage to make the dragons even madder. Without wasting any time, they opened their mouths to use breath again. However, their attacks only hit the poor dragons that Ryan used. The creature didn't resist being attacked at the same time by twenty or so dragons at the same time.

When the dragons noticed the mess that they had made, Ryan was already on the back of his next target and bombarding the enemies around him. Three more dragons had to fell in that same manner before they could understand that their breath attack was too easy to notice and to dodge for Ryan. So, they decided to use their claws and rip Ryan from the dragons' back.

"Why are these guys so dumb?" Ryan asked. "Is the breath the only spell that they can use?"

While he was fighting, Ryan was thinking why the dragons weren't using other spells. Considering what he heard from Orgar and Femradiel, the dragons came to Earth without their memories. So they weren't much different from spawned monsters or newborn dragons that rely solely on their instincts. Perhaps they will recover some of their intelligence in the next few days if Orgar and Femradiel were once in that same state, then it was bound to happen. Regardless, Ryan didn't have any intention of waiting for that.

When Ryan killed the eighth dragon, he saw a crossbow falling alongside the corpse. Two other dragons had drop weapons, but Ryan ignored those since they wouldn't help in his current situation. However, a crossbow was a different matter. Even better, the one that dropped it had been an ice dragon, so Ryan jumped toward it with all his might. It was a risk he had to take.

Frost Beam Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of 100 points of mana per second, it grants you the power to fire a highly concentrated beam of ice that might freeze enemies in just a few moments.

Dexterity + 200, Intelligence + 100

Durability: 200/200

That weapon will only work against Fire Dragons, but that was more than enough since they were the majority anyway. When Ryan turned around, he saw the dragons surrounding him. In that position, it would be hard to get on their backs, but Ryan already had the weapon, and that would be useful at such a moment. He pointed the new weapon toward the face of the Fire Dragons and pulled the trigger. Instantly, their faces were covered in a layer of ice, and Ryan used that chance to approach. The other creatures tried to stop him, but they flinched when Ryan pointed the crossbow at them. The Fire Dragons were screaming in agony, so it was evident that such a weapon wasn't normal.

In the blink of an eye, Ryan killed seven more dragons. The others quickly noticed that they couldn't take down that human and decided to run away while that was surprising, it was only obvious when they lost most of their allies and since they were relying on instinct. Regardless, Ryan wouldn't let them run away. Ryan quickly used Tame on the dragon he was riding. The skill took a while to take effect but eventually succeeded.

"Sorry, buddy," Ryan said. "But you are going to help me fight those friends of yours that are escaping.

Ryan needed all the power he could get, so he couldn't afford to let dragons' escape. Although the creature was trying to eat Ryan five minutes ago, it obeyed Ryan's command without hesitation, and Orgar said that dragons were so smart and powerful that Tame would never work on them

The dragons panicked when they saw Ryan chasing them on the back of their ally, and they panicked even more, when they noticed Ryan's charging Power Shot. They tried to escape, but they failed since they were too wounded. Ryan had imagined that they would try to do that at some point, and that was exactly why he attacked all of them instead of one at a time.

The chase only ended when Ryan was halfway to Dallas. Although they were wounded, dragons were known for their resilience as well, so it was no surprise that Ryan had to follow them for several minutes. Regardless, he quickly returned to Shreveport and arrived just in time to see the survivors there escaping the city.

"I guess Zoe's father is among them, and if they stay in a group like that, they will be fine," Ryan concluded.

There were more than a few thousand survivors leaving the town, so many people managed to hide and stay safe until now. Arthur's mother probably was among them, so Ryan felt that his business was over in Shreveport. Although that was the case, he went to the dungeon to get the Monk class again. He needed all the power he could get.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1