Chapter 800: Score

Chapter 800: Score

Ryan saw himself standing in a world that wasn't quite the one he had expected. Things are a bit too colorful sky was blue, but the clouds looked like they were drawings from some cartoon. The ground seemed real enough, but so it was the one on the previous world. In any case, everything seemed full of life since they looked 2d. The grass, the trees, the mountains in the distance and some new system features that Ryan could see.

Score: 000000000000

"What the" Ryan muttered in shock. "What the hell is this?"

'Welcome to Hypnos world! You are one of the few humans that succeeded in breaking the three barriers and received the right to arrive on the fourth and last one. Obtain points and exchange them for items, weapons, skills, and much more. Hypnos is waiting for you at the end of this world, and if you defeat him, you can take his seat!'

Ryan was left speechless after hearing some very happy-go-looking voice coming out of nowhere and echoing through the land. In the end, it didn't take long for him to understand what was going on Hypnos created a game world. Although that was insane, Ryan confirmed that all his skills and status were back. With the exception of his Draconic powers, he was almost back. Still, that means that he couldn't contact Femradiel yet.

"This guy is seriously pissing me off" Ryan said. "Is this his way of trying to get on my head and then force me to make a mistake? If that is the case, then he will have to try harder."

Ryan decided to check that new feature, but in the end, as soon as the voice disappeared, slimes began to appear around him. They were spawning like that was a real game since he had better things to do, Ryan activated Heat Field, and the creatures melted instantly. However, every moment, at least ten of them appeared around him just to be melted.

You obtained 01 points.

You obtained 01 points.

You obtained 01 points.

"Let's see this is just like the dungeon shop, but" Ryan said and then frowned when he saw a new option in the dungeon shop.

The option was called 'humans'... when Ryan touched that, he saw a list of names. He recognized the first ones on the list, Femradiel, Alissa but there were many others he didn't. As expected, Hypnos used his spell on the whole world, and the names on the list were the names of those who still were trapped on the previous illusions.

Femradiel - 1.000.000 points

Alissa - 1.000.000 points.

"So, I can make them skip the other illusions and come here?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, I guess this will take a while."

Ryan deactivated Heat Field and then began to fly. If that was like a game world, then the more he approaches the castle of the last boss, the stronger monsters will be, and then the points he will make or so goes the theory. However, before he could move, Ryan saw some monsters spawning in the air they were winged slimes.

Winged Slime

Health: 2.000/2.000

Mana: 2.000/2.000

Stamina: 2.000/2.000

Strength: 1000

Dexterity: 200

Speed: 1.000

Intelligence: 2000

Endurance: 100

Control: 1.000

Mentality: 1000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 5.000

Willpower: 1000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Corrosive Touch Lv 400

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 250, Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 230

Spells: Fly Lv 100

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 500, Cold Resistance Lv 500, Electric Resistance Lv 500, Poison Resistance Lv 500,

"What the actual fuck?" Ryan frowned.

Ryan never saw that kind of creature, but it was weird to see a monster that had wings for ears in any case, since they were wind and began to fire Wind Bullets toward Ryan, he decimated them.

Ryan had to fly for quite a while to finally see something that wasn't a flying smile appearing nearby. However, what was really weird was the fact that the monsters spawned around him, but only within ten meters. The range of the spawn increased by two times when goblins appeared, but that still felt weird from Ryan's perspective.

"This place is really weird" Ryan said while looking at the world below him. "I bet this is the right path, but I also feel like Hypnos is screwing with all of us."

Fortunately, Ryan's theory was correct, goblins were giving him more points, but it was unpleasant to see them melting nearby. As if things weren't troublesome enough, there was the smell Hypnos went as far as making this illusion world even nastier than the others.

"Let's save some mana and gain points faster by using Evading Shot," Ryan said.

Whenever he fired, a goblin fell, and Ryan moved dozens of meters in the opposite direction. That was another skill that he needed to train a lot but never had the chance since it wasn't that effective against powerful and fast creatures like Hephaestus. In any case, it was better than just moving and spending mana without gaining anything in exchange.

For quite a while, Ryan felt that he wasn't approaching the mountains. In fact, he didn't notice any difference in their sizes even when he faced slimes, goblins, velociraptors, giant bees, and pterodactyls. However, as soon as he passed the pterodactyls, the mountains suddenly grew more prominent, changing the scenarios.

"I feel like I had to watch the longest loading screen ever" Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan had killed thousands of monsters since ten of them spawned every moment. Still, he wasn't close yet from summoning Femradiel and Alissa. Still, that made him wonder Why would Hypnos create a world like that we're the ones inside of it could grow stronger and even call their allies to fight him? Was he insane? Or was he that confident in his victory?

"Well, either way I will use this to my advantage," Ryan said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1