Chapter 796: Doubts

Chapter 796: Doubts

Ryan obtained a lot of coins from killing almost thirty dragons. Still, he couldn't find a single weapon better than the crossbow he just obtained. However, while he was in the dungeon shop, he couldn't help but wonder

"If I recover Spatial Manipulation, will I have access to my collection of weapons again?" Ryan asked.

That definitely was something worth checking Still, he will need at least one hundred times more coins than he had at the moment to be able to buy that tome. The best way to obtain coins was to hunt armies of monsters. However, since not even a single day had passed since their arrival, there weren't many armies out there. Hunting dragons or causing dungeon breaks seemed the best plans of action

"I need to recover Spatial Manipulation and Teleport. By using those, I will be able to move around freely and then try to look for some traces of Hypnos, or perhaps some bugs in this spell" Ryan said.

There were plenty of dragons out there, so Ryan had to consider his options wisely. Instead of moving around without a clear destination, he headed toward the places where he got his classes. Before morning, he cleared all the dungeons. He defeated the dragons near Atlanta, and then he decided to head to Phoenix. However, a sudden idea came to Ryan's mind.

"Due to his level of divinity, Hypnos can create a spell this crazy, but since Isis warned me, it seems it doesn't work on beings that have a high level of divinity" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "So, what will happen if I recover Lunar Arrow and Nemean Rage?"

Those were the main skills that Ryan had obtained before, Semi-Divinity was another one, but he rarely used it. In any case, those were skills he obtained after sacrificing some classes, so if he obtains them again, perhaps the spell will get weaker still. Would that solve the problem? Even though he had those and was in his draconic form, Ryan still felt for Hypnos' spell.

"Still, I guess I have to start with those" Ryan nodded to himself.

Ryan already reached the requirements to sacrifice some classes. Still, the system didn't recognize it because he probably has to sacrifice the same classes he did before His next goals were clear: recover Spatial Manipulation and Teleport, and soon after sacrificing some classes and obtaining the special ones.

Ryan and his dragon proceeded to head to Phoenix. At some point in time, he imagined that the dragon would begin to speak, but that didn't happen yet. That was weird. Ryan was pretty sure that Alissa met Orgar on the first days of the monsters' arrival. Since she was weak and in a hospital, she couldn't survive in this chaotic situation for long. Still, there was also the chance that different dragons take different time to recover their sanity.

In any case, at this point in time, most dragons couldn't even be considered a minor nuisance for Ryan, so he quickly wiped the dragons around Phoenix as well. However, he already noticed a difference in them.

Fire Dragon  Lv 10

Health: 36.000

Mana: 25.000

Stamina: 21.000

Strength: 3000

Dexterity: 4000

Speed: 2000

Intelligence: 8000

Endurance: 3000

Control: 2000

Mentality: 1000

Luck: 1000

Recovery: 6000

Willpower: 1500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Explosive Touch Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Enhancement Lv 50, Fire Armor Lv 20

Spells: Hellfire Lv 40, Absolute Chaos Lv 15, Fire Spear Lv 40

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100, Wind Resistance Lv 150, Electric Resistance Lv 100

"They were at level two today when I fought them if compared to the others, they are at least twenty percent stronger," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I can't imagine how strong they got, only eating humans that barely had the chance to use the system."

Ryan thought that his actions weren't changing that illusion all that much, but perhaps he was wrong. If he remembered correctly, the first fire dragon he killed was at level fifty. Still, the creature only obtained that power after three weeks. At that pace, some dragons will become stronger much faster which was good and bad for Ryan.

At some point, Ryan realized that he was making the dragon work too much. He barely had time to stop since he was always moving around, and the dragon was the one doing most of the heavy work. Thanks to that, Ryan realized that he would gain more power if he tames some dragons instead of just eating the hearts of all of them. Unfortunately, considering the level of the skill at that moment, he could only tame twenty of them.

"Unless I kept them with me all the time and force the skill to level up," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Although I don't have my draconic powers here, the skills already surpassed the level one hundred marks, so they can keep leveling up non-stop."

That made Ryan realize that despite his situation, his powers still were there. They were just waiting to be unlocked and used. It was kind of surprising that Ryan never thought of taming some dragons since they were the best way to level up that kind of class.

During the rest of the day, Ryan tamed nineteen other dragons and also recovered some classes and skills. Much faster than expected, he was becoming much stronger compared to any kind of monster. However, he didn't yet know that he had to use that strength. So, instead of being confident, he was getting impatient.

Congratulations! The skill Tame has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

It has been a while since Ryan saw that notification, so at the very least, not everything was trouble. Regardless, this time, Ryan didn't need to stop at any moment. Even when he found a group of fifty dragons flying toward him, he faced them directly since he had his own army of dragons, and the army was quickly increasing since the skill was leveling up and Ryan was giving them enough time to rest and eat some monsters to recover their stamina.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1