Chapter 799: Arcanist

Chapter 799: Arcanist

Since Ryan was in a dream world, he imagined that he wouldn't need to sleep, but in the end, he felt like his head was about to split up after staying three weeks straight without taking a nap. While he could use Hibernation, he didn't want to waste even a single second in that world as if things weren't troublesome enough. He wasn't making much progress in destroying the dungeons. He calculated that he would need three more weeks to finish the job even at his best speed.

In the end, Ryan realized that he would have to change his plans. Instead of destroying the dungeons without care to return to the real world as fast as possible, he decided to clear some of them and obtain an extra boost of power, or at least recover what had been sealed.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Legionnaire, Ranger, and Archmage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Legionnaire!

You obtained the following skills: Undaunted, Warrior's Fury, and Steel Storm.

Your strength and health will increase by six points, your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Undaunted.

Effect: it increases your resistance against attacks that might decrease your mobility and status by two percent per level.

Cost: 500 mana.

Duration: 300 seconds.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Warrior's Fury.

Effect: It passively increases the damage caused by your physical attacks by one percent per level.

Cost: 100 health per attack.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Steel Storm.

Effect: It grants you the chance to spin indefinitely while holding a two-handed sword. Your strikes will cause extra damage, and your endurance will increase by five points per level.

Cost: 100 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Electric Warrior, Ranger, and Arcanist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Arcanist!

You obtained the following skills: Elemental Boost, Conversion, and Inner Focus.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points, your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Elemental Boost.

Effect: It passively increases the damage of all of your elemental attacks by five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Conversion.

Effect: It grants you the power to drain some of the mana of the spells that hit you. You can recover five points of mana per level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Inner Focus.

Effect: It grants a boost on your mana pool of five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

At first, Ryan bumped into a wall after recovering from some classes, but soon after, he obtained a class that could actually help him. The Arcanist class certainly will make him obtain some extra mana, so he might as well let it level up for a while. As if it wasn't good enough, all the skills were passive ones.

In the end, since Ryan rushed and didn't sleep for a single minute, he finished the job after two weeks. However, when he loses his focus, Ryan starts to see things. On the good side, Sleep Resistance was leveling up like crazy.

"In the end, I never found Femradiel, Alissa or Orgar here" Ryan said while he was heading toward Hypnos dungeon.

Another weird thing about that was that if Ryan had truly stayed unconscious for several weeks in the real world, something should have the chance to kill him. Or at the very least, he should have died from dehydration there was a chance that someone was looking after him, but maybe the sense of time in the illusion was deviated. Just like in dreams, most people think they dream for only a couple of minutes, but several hours passed while they were asleep. However, things were reversed with Hypnos' power apparently.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan attacked the dungeon when he arrived. Naturally, the barrier withstood for quite a while, but without monsters to kill, Hypnos couldn't protect the place forever. In the end, the barrier disappeared. Ryan waited for something to come out, but nothing came.

"Is this a trap" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

That kind of mental game was very annoying, but Ryan couldn't complain since he used it all the time before he obtained his Draconic powers. Regardless, Ryan approached the dungeon and then entered. It was the only dungeon in the world that was spawning creatures, so Ryan was expecting to find something at the end of the cave. As for the monsters being spawned, they were just level eighty specters.

The reaper-like boss caused a bit of trouble for Ryan since he could drain magic attacks, but in the end, it only lasted for two seconds. As expected, things were a bit different in that dungeon. He actually could feel that ominous sensation coming from the crystal, so Ryan was one hundred percent sure he hit the jackpot. Now he just had to touch the crystal and then face Hypnos. While he didn't have his Draconic powers, Ryan had some plans on how to deal with him. It will be hard, but it isn't impossible. Regardless, Ryan touched the crystal and was teleported to the next world in the end, he couldn't help but sigh.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1