Chapter 903: It Tickles

Chapter 903: It tickles

"Let's see who will win this someone who reached the apex, or someone who is trying to reach it," Zeus said and then smiled viciously.

Zeus began to zigzag around in order not to give Ryan the chance to aim. Without aiming, he couldn't use Perfect Aim or Dead Aim, and those were the only skills that might prevent Zeus from getting close to Ryan. After all, the closer he gets, the harder it will be to dodge.

Zeus got closer and close, but he couldn't see Ryan getting worried as expected despite that. He really had some sort of plan. Despite that, Zeus ignored and kept pushing forward. Eventually, Zeus got close enough to even touch Ryan's bow. Stealing that from him and make him unable to attack would be easy, but that would end his fun. Instead of that, Zeus advanced and touched Ryan's left arm and kept moving while doing that. With his touch alone, the external part of Ryan's left army was damaged to the point where he could even see his muscles and bones that level of strength was insane. Still, Zeus had already informed him of that.

While ignoring the pain, Ryan summoned several Magic Bows and bombarded Zeus. In the end, he caused some damage to Ryan's arm and made him break into a cold sweat, but he lost a lot of mana. Before he could lose it even more since he couldn't dodge them at that range, Zeus decided to retreat, which gave Ryan a chance that he had been waiting for he summoned his Dark Ice Spear.

Zeus frowned when he felt that much corruption returning to the area. It was particularly suspicious that Ryan only did that when Zeus began to retreat. Much to his surprise, Ryan nocked the spear as if it was an arrow. Even while sweating cold due to the pain in his left arm, Ryan smirked, and then he activated Power Shot.

"This is going to be fun," Ryan said.

The spear finally was aimed toward Zeus, and Ryan used Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim. Now, no matter what happens, Zeus will be hit, and he knew that. He clenched his teeth in annoyance that human had already caused too much trouble for him. He had to kill him and prevent the shot otherwise, even Zeus wouldn't leave unscathed.

Teleporting and attacking won't do Zeus any good. He needed the momentum of his high-speed movement granted him. It was risky, but he will be able to kill Ryan faster that way. Instead of zigzagging, Zeus taunted Ryan to fire sooner by flying in a straight line. That way, Power Shot wouldn't gain much energy. However, Ryan didn't fall for that. He kept charging the spear with all his stamina. Even better, before his stamina could actually decrease, he restored it with magic.

Eventually, Zeus got close enough to attack Ryan. At first, he ripped apart the flesh of his face. He tried to do it slowly to make Ryan feel all the pain and give up on the attack but failed. Zeus finally realized that Ryan was planning to end things with that attack once and for all. Since he was close to Zeus, he would suffer a lot of damage as well, he would be lucky if he woke up, but he was willing to go that far.

Zeus planned to blind Ryan that pain would make him give up with one hundred percent of chance, but in the end, he changed his mind when he saw those eyes full of confidence. Ryan knew that the next attack would defeat Zeus, and he was willing to make some sacrifices to achieve that.

Maybe it was too late for that, but Zeus moved to Ryan's left chest and began to rip apart his flesh. At first, the corruption caused a lot of trouble to Zeus. It even weakened his status when he touched it, but in the end, he ignored it and then eventually opened the path to Ryan's heart. Once Death Sense warned Ryan like never before, Ryan fired the Dark Ice Spear. At the same moment Zeus' pierced Ryan's heart, the spear hit him from behind.

When the massive explosion happened, the entire world trembled. The explosion of energy destroyed everything on its way. It couldn't even be compared with the destruction of Ryan's five Draconic Bows. If it weren't for Loki's domain, half of Spain would have been destroyed. Even involuntarily, he sacrificed billions of mana points to protect that domain Regardless, all of the king trolls were killed thanks to the explosion. The damage spread until the Balearic Sea creating a huge role on the planet. Weirdly enough, there were no traces of rocks or dust rising the energy decimated everything in its radius aside from Loki's domain.

---- ----

One hour prior to the explosion

As soon as Ryan left his domain, Loki looked for Hera. As expected, she was hiding behind several layers of illusion. She kind of reminded Loki of himself, but unlucky him, she didn't find any absolute pleasure in doing the things she wanted. She only worked to confirm the assumption that she was above everything else.

Loki teleported to where she was and then cut the air. He had two green knives, but only one managed to cut the mana that created the illusions, the other one had been aimed toward Hera's neck, but she blocked it with her golden wand.

"Let's play a game, Hera," Loki said. "The game is called, let's try to kill each other to see who the better illusionist is."

"Loki" Hera said, visibly displeased.

"Why everyone makes long pauses after saying my name?" Loki smiled while shrugging. "I don't dislike that, but it is starting to trouble me."

Instead of saying anything, Hera made some snakes appear around Loki's neck, immediately biting him. Despite that, Loki didn't react in any way. In fact, his smile grew even wider.

"It tickles," Loki said. "Come on, Hera you can do better than that."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1