Chapter 908: Athena Vs Ares

Chapter 908: Athena vs Ares

You obtained 2.564.987.214 coins.

Bow of Light (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using the crossbow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods. At the cost of two thousand points of mana, it grants you the power to damage any enemy with light that you can see. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity, and other skills and equipment can't affect the damage caused. This crossbow can makes the bolts appear anywhere in your field of vision.

Dexterity + 3600, Intelligence + 1600, Speed + 1600

Durability: 1200/1200

Congratulations! For defeating Hermes, you have become a Level one Lady of Speed!

You obtained the following skills: Acceleration Control, Light Manipulation, and Light Absorption.

All of your status has increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acceleration Control.

Effect: It grants the power to control the acceleration of your body and the things that you touch indefinitely. Attention, increasing your movement and reflexes beyond one's limits might damage your body if you are not strong enough.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Light Manipulation.

Effect: It grants the power to control all light around you, turning it into a weapon, armor, or even completely reflecting it to make you invisible.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Light Absorption.

Effect: It grants you the power to absorb light from all kinds of sources. This skill can restore your health, mana, and stamina when absorbing light by one hundred points per level and second. This skill also decreases the damage of all light-related attacks by one hundred points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Winged Sandals (Mythological)

Effect: It grants you the power to move at supersonic speeds without losing stamina.

Durability: 1000/1000

Winged Helmet (Mythological)

Effect: It grants you the power to fly at supersonic speeds without losing mana.

Durability: 1000/1000

"This is even better than I expected," Femradiel nodded to herself in amazement.

Now it made sense that Hermes could fight like that without dropping a single drop of sweat. Regardless, he tried to escape from Femradiel, but the pain prevented him from using his speed. The reason for that was his wounds. Whenever he tries to move at supersonic speeds, there is a lot of attrition. Even particles of dust can cause damage when one moves like that and when those particles touch his wounds in any case, the battle was over, and so Femradiel began to look for Ryan's presence.

---- -----

Around the same time, Femradiel and Hermes started to fight

Athena and Ares glared at each other without saying a single word. Those two disliked each other, and they never tried to hide it since ancient times. The area was probably one of the most troublesome Olympian gods. Not only he caused a lot of mess with his violent nature, but he also wasn't popular among mortals, and he used that as an excuse to cause even more problems. Thanks to that, Athena disliked him more than any other Olympian god. From Ares' perspective, Athena was equally troublesome. She always involved herself in matters that she wasn't supposed to be concerned with. Always taking the side of the mortals, despite that, many agreed that she was the favorite child of Zeus, and now his favorite child rebelled against the Olympians. Despite all that, only one thing truly annoyed Area: Athena was the goddess of wisdom, handicraft, and warfare. From his perspective, only the god of war was enough. There was no reason to exist as the god or goddess of warfare.

Athena looked to the side for a moment and then saw the army of demons approaching that sure was bad timing, or perhaps, it had been planned all along. Either way, Athena had to deal with Ares without relying on her troops.

Ares suddenly dashed and swung his sword toward Athena, she reacted on time to block the attack with her shield, but in the end, she was pushed backward for hundreds of meters. As expected, Ares had the advantage in terms of brute strength. Still, despite that, Athena's calm expression didn't disappear from her face.

Ares swung his shield and tried to hit Athena's face, but she also blocked the attack with the tip of her sword. Sparks of lightning flew from their weapons while they were trying to overpower each other. Suddenly, real lightning fell and hit Ares's helmet, but he didn't even flinch. Instead of that, he glared at Athena even more.

"You dare to use magic in a fight like this?" Ares asked.

"You can use magic as well, Ares," Athena replied. "You are just too stupid and think that using magic in a duel is cowardly."

Ares disappeared, and then he suddenly appeared above swinging how his long sword. Athena blocked the attack once again, but she fell down and only stopped when she hit the ground, and a crater appeared under her feet.

It was never a good idea to taunt Ares like that, but Athena couldn't help it since it was already second nature for her. Regardless, Athena swung her sword upward and sent flying a massive beam of mana toward Ares. Still, he blocked the attack with his own shield and swung his sword backward to stop Athena's attack. He could read her movements as if she were an open book. After all, it wasn't the first time they had faced each other. Still, Athena didn't stop there. She enchanted her sword with lightning magic and then began to electrocute Ares. He tried to resist and show that such simple tricks wouldn't work on him. Still, eventually, he was forced to retreat since magic attacks with divinity were a real pain in the ass.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1