Chapter 904: Cute Dog

Chapter 904: Cute dog

Loki

Class: ???/???/???

Race: --

Rank: --

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Hera tried to use Absolute Appraisal on Loki, but that was what she found. Naturally, Loki couldn't see her status. Those two make quite the weird pair. They were overly cautious of revealing any information about themselves to anyone. But at least, now Hera knew that Loki reached the absolute level in resistance against poison. After all, her snakes could produce the most deadly toxin that can be found on the planet.

As if Loki was waiting for Hera to do anything interesting, he stared at her with his full of expectation. They certainly got on her nerve, but at least she had the chance to do whatever she wanted. Hera raised her wand, and then in the next moment, Loki saw the surroundings changing. That surprised him. The level and nature of mana seemed a bit off to be an illusion

The environment changed from a semi-destroyed Spain to one that resembled the old Greece. Loki saw himself standing in front of a temple that seemed pretty new. However, it still was covered by many flowers and vegetation. The surroundings weren't much different. It was full of life, trees, grass, monsters and not a single sign of civilization.

"Wow, as expected of Hera," Loki said. "You manifested the interior of your domain on Earth, or did you forced me to teleport to your place? It is hard to tell, but I am pretty sure this is temporary."

Foul Serpent Lv Max

Health: 35.000/35.000

Mana: 175.000/175.000

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 2.900 (+ 2200)

Dexterity: 6500 (+ 800)

Speed: 5500 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 15.000 (+ 1000)

Endurance: 5800 (+ 900)

Control: 8900 (+ 1600)

Mentality: 8400 (+ 1600)

Luck: 12000 (+ 3000)

Recovery: 25.000 (+ 10.000)

Willpower: 8400 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Snare Lv 760, Poisonous Strike Lv 680

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Intelligence Lv Max, Enhanced Recovery Lv 840, Poisonous Skin Lv 690

Spells: Poisonous Tornado Lv Max, Poisonous Fangs Lv Max, Earth Transformation Lv 550, Earth Creation 310

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Electric Resistance Lv 480, Shock Resistance Lv 420, Fire Resistance Lv 750

"You sure like snakes, Hera," Loki said. "No wonder you can't get rid of your bad reputation. By the way, am I being weird when I say that I find it weird seeing women playing with real snakes?"

Loki didn't know how Hera was planning to defeat him, but using those snakes around sure seemed like a waste of time. In any case, Hera made a throne appear at the temple entrance and then sat on it. Soon after, all the snakes in the region began to open their mouths, and a purple miasma began to cover the area.

"Not much original," Loki shrugged.

The poison wouldn't work directly, but it sure could cause some respiratory problems if inhaled for long periods. If anything, it can at least prevent Loki from breathing. Loki tried to disperse it with wind magic, but it didn't work which was weird. Instead of doing anything, the wing magic only made the cloud of poison spread even more than before.

"I see a poisonous cloud of smoke that eats mana. you sure created something pretty interesting," Loki rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

One of Loki's knives could deactivate certain spells, but the poison wasn't one of them. In any case, the poison was so thick that soon enough, the whole area was taken by it. Surprisingly enough, the poison only affected Hera's targets. At some point, Loki noticed that even though he wasn't breathing, some spores of the poison were attaching to his body, and some of them were forcefully entering through his nostrils. That certainly wasn't good

Before Loki could decide between attacking Hera or the numerous snakes to prevent the poison from spreading, even more, he suddenly felt something weird. Little by little, his body was moving by itself. Completely, without Loki's consent.

"Really, now how many characteristics and powers can you put in a single poison?" Loki frowned.

In the end, Loki teleported to where Hera was supposed to be, but he only found an empty place. Not even the throne was there, he tried to teleport to above, outside the massive cloud of poison, but even so, he failed in doing that. It seemed that even the poison was messing with his senses

"Oops maybe I took too long to act," Loki said with a nervous smile on his face.

Loki tried to look for Hera's presence, but he couldn't find it. Even the snakes' presence had disappeared. He suddenly had an idea, he marked the ground with his knives, and then he used Teleport just as he had predicted. He didn't move from his spot.

"All right, Hera, you got me," Loki said and then raised his arms. "I surrender."

Hera heard that, but she wouldn't fall for it so quickly. He kept waiting and waiting until she could feel Loki's body completely under her control. Slowly but steadily, she made Loki get rid of his gear and then made him walk completely naked in front of her.

"It seems that you truly don't have any more tricks up your sleeve. I am truly disappointed," Hera said while sitting on her throne. "You waited to see me acting, and in the end, you fell for my trap."

"That is what I said before. Now, can you please be gentle?" Loki said while looking at his lower half. "I am sure that you are itching to make Zeus' taste a little bit of his own poison, but let's not be hasty."

Hera smiled and then summoned a silver lion to attack Loki. The creature was five meters tall and ten meters long, so Loki couldn't help but force a smile while looking at it.

"That is a cute dog that you have there" Loki said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1