Chapter 905: This Side

Chapter 905: This side

Nemean Lion Lv Max

Health: 165.000/165.000

Mana: 71.000/71.000

Stamina: 91.000/91.000

Strength: 31.500 (+ 2100)

Dexterity: 6500 (+ 800)

Speed: 5500 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 5.000 (+ 1300)

Endurance: 19.800 (+ 900)

Control: 6900 (+ 1600)

Mentality: 8400 (+ 1600)

Luck: 7000(+ 3000)

Recovery: 55.000 (+ 20.000)

Willpower: 8400 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bite Lv Max, Silver Claws Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv Max, Enhanced Endurance Lv Max, Augmented Speed Lv Max

Spells: Silver Spear Lv Max, Silver Rain Lv Max, Earth Transformation Lv 400, Earth Creation 410

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Electric Resistance Lv 950, Shock Resistance Lv 850, Fire Resistance Lv 960

Hera gave the order to the Nemean  Lion split Loki's apart with its claws very slowly. The creatures' claws were so sharp that just by touching it, it made Loki's skin bleed.

"I should have known better" Loki said. "I am not too much of a warrior, but seeing my brother fighting, it made my Asgardian blood boil."

As if he was telling Loki to shut up, the lion stepped on his face. After that, the creature began to hurry up since Loki wasn't making much noise. There weren't any signs of screaming or even the usual fear Hera frowned when she noticed that. Loki may have a high-level tolerance against poison. Still, he didn't seem the type who would do the same against pain not to mention he was bleeding quite quickly, so his endurance wasn't that high.

"Let's skip the foreplay already, Hera," Loki said. "A man can only wait for so long."

"Won't you ever shut up?" Hera asked, visibly irritated.

The lion passed his claws through Loki's face and the rest of his body in a single swoop. However, Loki didn't show any expression. Maybe he had drugged himself before the battle since he had imagined something like this happening. Even so, what would be the point of that? The poison will last for hours, and he won't survive the torture she had planned for him, not even for thirty minutes.

Just to make sure that he wouldn't have the chance to do anything, Hera gave the order to the lion to chop his limbs, and so he did it. Still, no response coming from Loki, he was just staring at her, and that was getting on her nerves.

"I thought you would be an enemy more like me, but I am disappointed," Loki said. "You have the skills, but not the class or the guile."

The next moment, Hera summoned the Lernaean Hydra, Loki tried to use Appraisal on that as well, but he didn't have time. The creature swallowed him as a whole. With his level of divinity, he won't die soon, but he certainly will suffer. At the same time, his body is dissolved in the monster's stomach.

"That should shut him up for good," Hera said and then sighed.

Defeating Loki wasn't much of an achievement from Hera's perspective. Still, thanks to it, she gained control over many domains, and she could use those to defeat the other troublesome opponents all over the world. However, she suddenly was forced to forget about that when she saw the Hydra contorting in pain Hera frowned. What Loki could have done in that state to annoy the Hydra that much? In the end, Loki was vomited by the monsters, and then he smiled as if nothing significant had happened.

"I am back," Loki said.

Hera's face contorted in anger Loki really knew how to get on her nerves. Just beheading him would be too easy, so Hera gave the order for the Hydra to crush his head with its tail. The monster quickly approached to obey its commands and then began to attack Loki's head. Hera imagined that she would finally see something that would please her, but she only got more annoyed. The more the monster attacked Loki and the more his head was damaged, the more his eyes began to bother her. Loki wasn't known for his vitality, so how come he could endure that with a smile on his face?

Eventually, Loki was beaten beyond recognition, and then Hera finally sighed. His presence had grown weaker enough for her to seal him, and that would be the best since she would need his powers. However, suddenly Loki's presence returned to normal, and he was back at least his head was.

"Hello, again," Loki said with a fresh smile on his face.

At that moment, even Hera was taken aback. She was completely paralyzed with fear and shock. That didn't make any sense how come Loki could endure all that much? Not even an anesthetic drug that only the elder gods know of could explain that.

"An Illusion" Hera muttered, and then she felt a sharp pain on her back and on her limbs.

"Bingo, you guessed right," Loki said. "I told you, this battle was supposed to determine the better illusionist."

Hera looked behind and saw Loki completely fine. He wasn't naked or wounded, and in the same, he was supposed to be, Hera found a human-sized mud doll. Piercing her arms and limbs, she found some knives made of dark ice. They pierced her flesh so easily that she barely could believe that those were real.

"You never showed up from the very beginning" Hera said.

"Not quite. I was always there. Otherwise, you would have seen through my trick," Loki said. "If I weren't nearby, you wouldn't have teleported me to this place. Anyway, I got these when I recovered Ryan and Thor. Pretty neat, huh. However, just touching them makes my hands burn. I wonder if that is what vampires feel like when they touch things that have holy magic."

Hera bit her lips in annoyance. The fight didn't last that long. She danced on Loki's hands from the very beginning. It was almost laughable what he said earlier there was no need to find out who was the better illusionist the difference in abilities was that big.

"Don't worry too much about it," Loki said. "People on this side don't kill their enemies when they can avoid it. I am sure you know why, but we can't afford to let any of you disappear and return to where you came from."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1