Chapter 907: Plan

Chapter 907: Plan

Without hesitating, Hermes flew toward Femradiel when she started the movement of a blink. He passed through her cold defensive spell in that single moment and then punched her thirteen times in the chin. He did that before her head could even begin to move backward Soon after, he moved away from her and then deactivated his magic.

Femradiel's body finally began to move at a normal speed, and then her head moved backward, and her body began to spin. Hermes saw that with a smile on his face. The cold of her magic barely had the time to make him feel refreshed Despite the attack and the failure of her strategy, Femradiel only looked at Hermes with an expression that didn't show any interest when she recovered. Even though she was bleeding from her mouth and the fact that she was yet to cause any real damage, she still looked uninterested.

"That attitude I can't let it enrage me," Hermes muttered. "There is no reason to feel this angry I am winning this fight and the next attack I will be sure to make her feel a lot of pain."

Things would have been a lot easier for Hermes if Femradiel didn't have that mithril armor. In any case, trying to break the armor with his fists alone was something that Hermes would rather not do. It was possible, but it would damage his fists. Those were his weapons, and he couldn't afford to risk them.

The non-protected parts of Femradiel's body were the front of her head, her shoulders, hands, and feet. Only her face could suffer critical damage, so Hermes decided to keep doing it.

In order not to let things go his way, Femradiel decided to change her plans a little bit. If Hermes could destroy something physical projectiles, could it do the same with the ones that were just made of mana? That was something worth testing. Femradiel summoned several magic copies of the Spiritualist's Crossbow and then fired after activating Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim. Unlike Ryan, Femradiel doesn't have to worry about mana consumption anymore, so she doesn't stop firing it. In the end, Hermes created a shield made of light to block the projectiles, but it soon was eaten away by the bolts. However, when that happened, Hermes was nowhere to be seen. In the next moment, Femradiel was attacked on her chin again.

When Hermes finished his sequence of attacks and Feramdiel recovered from the unpleasant surprise, she healed her chin. The damage was slowly pilling up, and while she could prevent the attacks using some simple tricks, that wasn't a good idea. For the better or for, the worse, Hermes needed to keep attacking.

That same scene repeated itself several times until Femradiel's jaw sustained enough damage that Full-Heal almost had no effect. Hermes smirked when he saw that. Thanks to his attacks, Femradiel looked more annoyed than bored. For several hours, after all, she didn't hit him a single time, after all. And yet, the glow in her eyes still was bothering Hermes.

"What is this weird feeling?" Hermes muttered. "Is she plotting something? Nevertheless I just need to finish her with the next attack."

The next attack could be pretty dangerous for Hermes himself. So, he only used that kind of move to finish off his opponents. He was going to attack so fast that even his fingers could become sharp like blades. However, if he makes a mistake, he will lose his weapons and lose the focus to keep his movement spell active. However, when Hermes began to fly to attack, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his legs, and then he rolled in the air. He hurried to recover, but the pain prevented him from focusing, and when he looked at his legs, the shock made him open his eyes widely in agony. Everything below his knees had is cut off.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!" Hermes screamed in agony.

Instead of attacking, Femradiel used that chance to get winged sandals and store them inside the spatial storage after getting rid of Hermes' feet. After that, she began to heal her swollen face. That was why she never got really interested in the fight Hermes wasn't an opponent that could do much aside from attacking super-fast. Even though he could use light magic, he only used it to enhance his movements. Thanks to that, Femradiel knew that he would be done for once she disposed of his legs.

"What did you do" Hermes asked while sweating cold.

Instead of answering, Feramdiel raised her hand, and some small particles began to gather there. The particles were blue, and when he looked closely, Hermes noticed that those were small fragments of mithril. However, something was off, only something like that wasn't supposed to cut his legs, and when did attack him using that? Hermes should have noticed it

"While you were attacking me, I attached those to your body with my cold aura, you didn't notice it, or perhaps you noticed but assumed it was just some ice that would melt while you were moving," Femradiel said. "Either way, mithril is much more resilient. Not to mention, much sharper as well, considering this size. Still, usually, that wouldn't be enough to damage an elder god. That is why I put a high concentration of ice magic inside them."

Hermes opened his eyes widely yet again. The particles were too small for that. Unless Femradiel could create mithril, that was supposed to be impossible However, since that was an ice dragon, it would make sense that her control over those would be that high.

"You planned all this?" Hermes asked while slowly moving away from Femradiel. "How did you know it would be this effective? How did you create the mithril?"

"That is for me to know and for you to find out while you can," Femradiel said and then summoned Thanatos' Scythe. "Don't try to run away, even though you can still use light magic, some of the particles still are attached to your body, they will follow my commands wherever you go, so, unless you plan on risking your life, you shouldn't try to get away from here."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1