Chapter 912: Olympian'S Blood

Chapter 912: Olympian's blood

Athena really managed to copy Zeus' power because she watched Ryan fighting him and Thor while she was fighting Ares. Truth to be told, she had imagined that she would be able to defeat Ares before relying on that. Still, he was a tough opponent that only now Athena was forced to recognize. After all, she had to use all her mana to fry him with a singly lightning that couldn't be compared to the original that Zeus used.

Regardless, he sealed him inside a weapon and gained a portion of his powers. With those, Athena knew that she would give her troops that still were facing the demons a bit extra power. Before she could celebrate it, though, Athena felt Thor's and Ryan's presence getting incredibly weaker and another troublesome one appearing nearby Zeus.

"Hera" Athena said, visibly displeased.

Athena wasn't surprised that she managed to interfere with that battle. She was surprised that Zeus decided that he had to rely on her to prevent a failure. Athena checked Femradiel and confirmed that she was still was fighting Hermes, she was having a hard time, but she looked composed. It was good that she didn't notice what happened to Ryan. She was that busy, after all.

After a while, it happened. Athena wasn't in condition to help Ryan fight, and she couldn't leave her troops behind, so she was caught off-guard when Ryan's presence disappeared, and Zeus' presence grew weaker. How was she going to explain that to Femradiel?

----- -----

When Ryan attacked, somehow and deep down, he knew that he wouldn't survive that. He waited for the classic moment where he would see life pass through his eyes. He only lived twenty-three years, so the movie wouldn't be that long, but he didn't see anything in the end. At first, he saw only darkness after that huge explosion of light, but then he eventually saw the blue sky above him. He had no idea how he woke up, but he understood that he had survived by a miracle or maybe not.

"You woke up sooner than I imagined," Merlin said. "You keep proving that I am bad at doing calculations. At this rate, I will have one of those that you people have, a middle-age crisis."

"This time, you bet that I would survive? How unexpected," Ryan said and then got up only to realize that he was standing at a flying earth platform and Zeus was right behind him.

"No, this time, you would die for real," Merlin said. "However, I decided to intervene since you showed that you have the potential to be the chosen one of this world."

"Those words really annoy me, for some reason," Ryan said.

Zeus' body was emanating miasma. It seemed that he directly took the Draconic Spear's power added with all of Ryan's power. Somehow, he still was breathing, even though it seemed like someone had peeled all of his skin and burned a good part of his hair.

"It seems that you really have some sort of secret mission. Well, I am not really interested," Ryan said and then checked the destruction around them. " I feel like I did something irreparable to the planet that I wanted to protect."

The hole below was so long and deep that Ryan couldn't see the end of it. He only could tell that it was slowly being filled by the water of the ocean. In any case, thanks to Merlin, he survived, but Ryan couldn't say that he won against Zeus. It wasn't even a draw that being said, he couldn't just wait for him to wake up and have a rematch.

You obtained 12.564.987.214 coins.

Zeus' Rage Crossbow (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using the crossbow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods. At the cost of two thousand points of mana, it grants you the power to electrocute any enemy with Zeus' Bolts that you can see. The damage caused will be equal to your dexterity and intelligence. Other skills and equipment can't affect the damage caused. This crossbow can makes the bolts appear anywhere in your field of vision.

Dexterity + 4800, Intelligence + 2400, Speed + 2400

Durability: 2400/2400

Congratulations! For defeating Zeus, you have become a Level one Thunder King!

You obtained the following skills: Electrical Body, Akashic Knowledge, and Energy Manipulation.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electrical Body.

Effect: It grants the power to control to boost your status by absorbing electric energy. Each level will increase the amount of energy and the bonus status points by three percent. Be careful. The stronger you get, the more exhaustion and pain you will feel once the spell is over. The duration is ten minutes.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Akashic Knowledge.

Effect: It grants the power to obtain all the knowledge of your defeated foes, from battle experience to skills and their levels. The level of this skill determines how much knowledge you can obtain from your defeated enemies.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Energy Manipulation.

Effect: It grants you the power to change your sources of vital and spiritual energy. Health can become mana and stamina, and so on. The amount you can charge is based on the level of this skill multiplied by one hundred points.

You obtained 01 status point.

As if those rewards weren't enough, Ryan also found a bottle of blood in front of him as soon as he sealed Zeus' spirit.

Olympian's Blood

Effect: it grants you the skills of Body Analysis, Protector, Semi-Invulnerability.

"I am starting to feel bad about receiving all this when I am not satisfied with this result," Ryan said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1