Chapter 913: Shocked

Chapter 913: Shocked

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Body Analysis.

Effect: It gives you the power to see what the target is thinking or feeling by analyzing their body movements. The higher level this skill is, the more information you will receive.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Protector.

Effect: It grants you the power to receive followers. Those followers will give you energy with their loyalty, and you will be able to bestow powers upon them.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Semi-Invulnerability.

Effect: It massively decreases the effects and damage caused by attacks of common sources. Only those that have a high level of divinity and corruption can actually wound you critically."

You obtained 01 status points.

"Those are really some interesting skills" Ryan nodded to himself in amazement. "Speaking of which, Merlin. Your creator created the classes as well, right? Was he the one who granted humans the power to obtain the traits of other species without any repercussions as well?"

"That feature wasn't on the system, but my creator eventually learned it after receiving help from someone," Merlin replied.

"I see so he wasn't the only big shot on his age planet or whatever he came from," Ryan said.

Putting such things aside, there wasn't time for Ryan to be amazed at his new powers. He used Clairvoyance to check things with the others, but he couldn't find Loki. As for Femradiel and Athena, they were doing well. Ryan saw Athena commanding her soldiers to fight the demons, and Femradiel chased Hermes with Thanatos' Scythe. She looked really scary since Hermes had lost a good part of his legs.

"It seems that you survived," Isis said via Telepathy. "I won't deny it. I am shocked that you survived and won."

"I can't say that I feel like the winner here, though," Ryan said. "Anyway, how are things on your end?"

"Without the elder gods to protect the monsters, I managed to slow them down quite a bit," Isis replied. "I believe I can stop them with my army since the other elder gods aren't making any move."

"That is weird why aren't they doing anything when Zeus and Thor were defeated?" Ryan frowned.

"They can't risk losing any more of them to our side," Isis replied. "I already noticed that the elder gods that were moving around and waiting for their chance to fight retreated to their domains."

Now that Ryan thought about it, it would be weird if the others tried anything after losing more than half of their forces. Not to mention, their side gained a massive power-up whenever they defeated an elder god, so the chances of them losing any future fights were getting smaller and smaller. Unless they get careless or the enemy comes up with some sort of crazy plan, their victory is almost certain.

"While you survive and look fine, you should rest inside the domain," Isis replied. "You received too much power-up, so you might have that problem again. Not to mention, you received too many attacks, so your spirit might crumble if you push yourself too hard."

It was weird, but Ryan could understand that. Maybe it was due to those power-ups, but he could sense things that he couldn't before, such as the fact that the man inside was quite tense and pulsating. It couldn't calm down even though Ryan wasn't fighting.

"I guess I will," Ryan said. "I need to experiment with many things now before the next event comes up."

When Ryan returned to Isis's domain, he noticed that the city was almost empty. Everyone was outside, readying themselves to fight. He also noticed that he also received around thirty billion coins he received all the coins when that explosion decimated Thor and Zeus' army, as well as the coins by defeating Zeus. He could do a lot with those. Probably even make Draconic Hunter evolve

"Let's go slow with those powers up and wait for my mana to stabilize," Ryan said.

Ryan wanted to train his new skills in the void world. Still, he also wanted to notice immediately if something happened. So, he decided to train them in the real world. As it turns out, things ended really well for his side. Femradiel defeated Hermes and gained some interesting magic items, and Loki finally showed up. It seems that he fought against Hera for quite a while, but despite everything, he still looked refreshed.

"You seem alright," Femradiel said with a frown when she returned. "It seems the difference in our powers got bigger again."

Ryan didn't think that was true. After all, Femradiel now had a near-infinite power to restore her mana, she could brainwash most living things, and she could summon all kinds of creatures. That being said, only the power to restore her mana seemed useful for her, at least in combat. Regardless, Ryan didn't say anything because it would sound like fake modesty.

"It seems we can't teach others those new skills," Ryan said. "They have a high level of divinity, and that is kind of another requirement to use them properly. Putting that aside, I noticed that your recent fights had been rather weird you suffered some damage. Still, it always ended like you had some master plan to defeat the enemies from the very beginning. Care to explain that?"

"There is nothing to explain. I am just too smart for my own good," Femradiel shrugged. "Rather than that, I think we should have those Skills you got in action. Instant Learning and Akashics something. If something happens, I will inform you."

Femradiel was always cooperative, but Ryan could see that she was hiding something. She was a poor liar, after all. Nevertheless, Ryan wasn't the type to force others to tell him what he wanted to hear. So, he decided to stay quiet. Ryan entered the Void World created by Femradiel and immediately learned how insane and useful Thor and Zeus' skills were.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1