Chapter 919: Chain Of Problems

Chapter 919: Chain of problems

"Well, thanks to Femradiel and Arthur, now we know that if we don't work together, we will be exterminated," Isis said. "I know that not all of you don't like that idea, but we should consider this. Even though we accomplished what the other elder gods didn't in the other timeline, it doesn't mean that we will automatically win."

"Can you explain to us the powers of the three?" Loki asked.

"... I have the feeling that I saw them using their powers, but I think it was while I was a Cursed dragon, so I can't say for sure," Femradiel replied. "All that I know is that Lucifer has the power of the seven deadly sins, Ymir can summon pretty much anything, and everything with magic and Chronus have absolute control over time. Also, I am pretty sure that they don't need mana to use those powers."

Although they wanted to, neither of the ones present could complain. After all, they lived for thousands of years, and they knew even less than Femradiel. In any case, Ryan suddenly began to wonder, did he accomplish anything on the other timeline? Since Femradiel didn't mention him, most likely, he wasn't even alive when those three returned to Earth. That was quite annoying could it be that Ryan only accomplished certain things due to his Draconic powers?

"Nevertheless, you should think about this seriously now," Isis said to Odin and Zeus. "I am going to ask Ryan to leave the weapons here, and you will have the chance to explain everything you heard to others. You may not believe it, but I am sure that Aphrodite and Hermes will say that they felt that Femradiel's tactics had been too effective. You will have three days to make up your mind. We have no idea when they will return in this timeline, so time is of the essence."

Ryan didn't like the idea of leaving his weapons behind. Still, in the end, he decided to do it because he recognized the severity of the situation. Since he could move at light speed, he had a good idea how useful it was, the power to control time. After all, it was like having control of all events. Even so, it was hard to say if Chronus would be the toughest enemy. After all, Ymir's magic to summon all things and Lucifer's power to use all effects of the deadly skins.

After they left Isis palace, Ryan immediately headed toward the walls that protected Cairo. That history was bothering him quite a lot Femradiel apparently followed him to give some more explanations.

"I can't help but wonder Arthur your father didn't truly learn Chronus' ability to control time, right?" Ryan asked. "If that weren't the case and he had truly mastered it, he wouldn't have transported you guys to this timeline. He would have teleported you to the perfect point in time where you people would be able to make much more."

"Well, I don't know the details, but I am pretty sure that he didn't have time to master this power," Femradiel said. "The last time I talked to him, he was studying power, and he had just started his research. Soon after, I and many others were defeated and became minions in Lucifer's army."

Ryan nodded. Another weird thing was the fact that he didn't consider how much damage the dragons would cause. Or perhaps he considered that and thought that it was unavoidable. Sending thousands of nice dragons to the past and making them ally with humans probably would make them turn into a lazy bunch.

"Usually, in fiction, when one obtains that kind of power, they stay stuck in a circle where the same things are bound to happen again and again," Ryan said. "However, one of the enemies has the power to prevent that, and your presence altered this world so much that Arthur won't become a magician."

"That kind of power was never meant to be used by humans. Anyway, it is just too powerful," Femradiel said. "Besides, if he had mastered, other people would try the same, and then eventually, we would have dozens of people trying to change the past and fighting among themselves."

That was kind of a scary thought. Most likely, only the best magicians would have the power to move between the future and the past. Maybe people like Ryan would be able to use that kind of power, but it wouldn't be nearly as effective.

"Most people would ask about the other versions of themselves. Are you not interested in learning about what you did in the other timeline?" Femradiel asked.

"Not really, if a single kid who was a newborn baby when the monsters appeared became humanity's hope, I can imagine that the other me failed on so many levels that I would feel embarrassed," Ryan replied. "Besides, I am done thinking about things that are beyond my power. I will just try my best and ignore that timeline where I am a failure."

"That sure sounds like you, but you shouldn't feel too embarrassed about that," Femradiel said. "When I was young, my father used to tell me stories about a very grumpy archer that helped him and his people many times. He refused to stay with them for long, but he always showed up to give a hand when they needed it."

"... Let's forget about that for the time being. I have another question," Ryan said. "The demons generals should have known that the dragons that appeared on Earth had been influenced by Lucifer, so why didn't he return until now?"

"He is probably too egocentric to accept or receive any messages from them," Femradiel said. "They can't communicate with him right now, they only have their orders, but I also think that they know that Lucifer can transform humans into dragons. That is why we need to get rid of them as soon as possible."

Ryan couldn't agree more with that, but there was also a chance that by defeating the other demon generals, Lucifer would come to Earth again, and he would attract Chronus and Ymir. Thus decreasing their preparation time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1