Chapter 917: Need

Chapter 917: Need

Ryan was having a hard time believing in all that. It was no wonder since it looked like things suddenly sped up. The true enemies that Odin mentioned were probably those three. Still, even for someone as impulsive as Ryan, it seemed like a crazy idea to go against beings that have so much power. Ryan could make dozens of lightning bolts fell every second, sure. But create worlds and new species that was something that he had a hard time imagining.

"This whole history how is that related to the fact that you guys left this planet thousands of years ago?" Ryan asked.

"My guess is that the elder gods from this planet were the first ones who openly rebelled against Chronus and Ymir," Isis replied. "With that in mind, it is obvious that they would try to take the mana from the planet and make us unable to manifest ourselves here. They assumed it was a fitting punishment for the actions of the Norse and Greek gods. After all, many of us are direct descendants from them."

"But, mana returned to Earth, why?" Ryan asked.

"That is something we can't explain, but we know that they will eventually return to finish the job," Isis replied. "After seeing so many species rebelling after evolving and growing too fast, they must have assumed that lower life forms don't have the right to live. This planet is special. Went directly against their will. So, they will definitely try to erase it."

"I guess it makes sense even most of the elder gods can only see humans as arrogant weaklings," Ryan said. "Still, with that type of creature as a target, why the elder gods didn't decide to work together?"

"Let's ask directly at them," Isis said.

Truth to be told, Ryan didn't want to talk with them. He had already asked some things, but they refused to do so. In the end, they didn't think that Ryan was someone who was worth listening to their reasons and motives. Still, after a long sigh, Ryan summoned the crossbows.

"Father," Athena said. "We need to talk."

"Athena to think that you would grow and someday rebel against me," Zeus said after taking a deep breath. "Where is your wisdom when you planned all this?"

"We are not here to talk about that," Athena said. "Everyone here knows about Lucifer, Ymir, and Chronus. Why didn't you decide to work together?"

"Because it is useless and too dangerous," Zeus said. "We can't risk alerting them. If we had joined forces to attack one of those three, the other two would notice and eventually would come to watch us or join the fight. Once they decide to fight, this solar system won't last even for a couple of minutes. The only way to defeat them is by taking the powers of the other elder gods and then face each one of those three separately."

"Do you think the same thing, dear father?" Loki asked.

"As much as I hate to share the way of thinking of someone like Zeus, I think that he is correct," Odin said. "I don't know about the true power of Lucifer and Chronus, but I know for a fact how dangerous Ymir is the last time, the only thing we managed to do was to protect our realms, and he was holding back since Ymir was fond of our civilizations, but I doubt that he still has the same feelings after so long."

"So, basically you two are saying that you are doing this to protect the world?" Ryan frowned. "Even though your actions cost the lives of so many people and caused so much destruction."

"With us our without us here, the same thing would happen," Odin said. "You should know that human history is filled with conflict. Without having us as targets, you probably would have to face and kill much more humans. That being said, this kind of violent event pretty much happens in all worlds where its inhabitants obtain the power to wield mana."

"I hate to say this, but Odin is right," Isis said. "Some events changed things for good and for bad. While their actions were wrong, and that is why we fought them, their motives weren't exactly bad or evil. This is our home planet as well, that is why we returned, and that is why we took many humans to work with us. Some of us are harsher than others and treat them like servants or soldiers. Still, in the end, you can't negate that those who couldn't protect themselves found a safehouse serving the elder gods."

Ryan let out a long sigh. He didn't like that even though it was true. It was only obvious that he wouldn't like it since he tried hard since the very first day to survive and obtain the power to defeat all the enemies that got in his way. In any case a world without the elder gods Ryan could imagine a land where many dragons were still alive. Humans with draconic powers would rule alongside the guardians and the fallen other dungeon masters would also cause a lot of trouble. Maybe because of the elder gods, the number of targets was much smaller than it could be.

"With all that being said, I have a proposal for all of you," Isis said. "We already won the war against the Norse and Olympian gods. The other elder gods won't be able to defeat us now that we have your weapons and a good part of your powers. We only need to deal with the demons since they are working directly for Lucifer, but after that, we need to focus on building our forces to defeat those three, and we will need all the help we can get including the strength of the elder gods that we already defeated."

Ryan didn't like that, and for the first time in a while, he began to wonder if Isis was plotting something. Why work with those who tried so hard to kill him? Those who treated him like a worm more than once. However, the surprises didn't end there.

"I also agree that we will need their help," Femradiel said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1