Chapter 918: The Right Thing

Chapter 918: The right thing

Femradiel could feel what Ryan was thinking. Their pact was still working, after all. Still, even though she could sense his disgust toward that idea, she still said that. It was weird until now, every single time Femradiel supported him with his ideas and plans. So why only now she clearly said something that he disliked it?

"Before you start looking at me like that, I have some things to reveal," Femradiel said. "I am sure some of already noticed that I have been strange since Poseidon captured me. Some of you also realized that the last enemies I defeated had been dealt with in the best way as possible. Despite some minor damage, the fights ended rather too well for me. The reason for that is because I came from the future."

"Is that so?" Loki asked without showing many surprises.

"That explains a lot," Isis said.

"I always had a feeling that you were hiding something, but I was expecting something more shocking," Athena said.

Those three were talking as if time travel was something common. Truth to be told, Ryan wasn't that shocked either. He had considered that something like that was possible when he heard about Merlin's origin. His creator was probably a human from the future but now he had doubts about that. After all, he knew that the person who Merlin and the person who summoned the dragons weren't the same people.

"Why are you telling us this now?" Ryan asked.

"Because this is the time things might start to go wrong for the planet," Femradiel replied. "In the future, I came from, all humans began to serve the elder gods. The elder gods fought each other to obtain power for a while, but they failed in ruling the planet. Eventually, those three returned, and another massive fight started. In the end, humans, elder gods, and all other creatures were defeated."

"With the exception of" Ryan said.

"My father his name was Arthur. He was the greatest mage of the human race," Femradiel replied.

"Arthur Arthur?" Ryan frowned. "You couldn't mean"

"Yes the same Arthur that you saved," Femradiel replied. "I don't know the details, but he survived when his mother passed away. Some survivors raised him while they were fighting for their lives. Since he grew up in that environment, he became used to fighting all that time. He was exceptionally skilled at wielding mana. Even though he had a late start, he eventually became a trouble to the elder gods, and he led the few humans who didn't join the elder gods. He eventually became strong enough to fight against Zeus and Odin. Still, when that happened, Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer came to Earth."

"That history is quite crazy the Arthur that I know is on the path to becoming a warrior," Ryan said. "Despite his young age, he is quite something, though."

"On the timeline, I came from, humans survived for longer because dragons didn't appear," Femradiel explained. "Hence, he never met you, and his life was different. This timeline won't proceed in the same way as the other because the dragons appeared."

"So, there were classes on the other timeline?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, for a short while, Arthur even had the help of Merlin," Femradiel said. "It was thanks to that that he managed to obtain a part of Chronus power and sent the humans who had become dragons thanks to Lucifer to the past."

"I assume you don't know that, Merlin," Ryan said.

"Naturally," Merlin said.

"In any case, Arthur and Merlin that is an odd combination of enemies," Ryan said.

"Merlin's name was different on that timeline Regardless, that is not important," Femradiel said. "On that timeline, most humans were killed by Ymir and Chronus, but Lucifer transformed many of them into dragons and added them to his army. They were particularly strong since they were humans who survived and used the system for many years. I was among them. I also remember that Orgar was one of my father's apprentices. No wonder he knew so much about magic. Of course, our names were different. Femradiel and Orgar were the names we received when we became cursed dragons."

"But the dragons weren't cursed when they came to Earth," Ryan said. "They were just extremely violent."

"We lost a good part of our powers and knowledge due to the low level of mana on the planet," Femradiel explained. "Lucifer's influence also disappeared, so we became normal dragons. I recovered those memories when Poseidon tried to erase my spirit. I assume that it was a natural response to the powers of someone who had a high level of divinity."

"So, a human obtained Chronus' power that is indeed interesting," Loki said. "He should have come to the past instead of sent the dragons, though. In this timeline, it seems that this kid called Arthur doesn't have what it takes to become a decent magician."

"The power to control time like that certainly would be useful in our hands," Athena said. "I suspect that Isis is the most suited to use it, but if she didn't learn in the other timeline."

"Those three will eliminate those who are the most troublesome foes, since magic is their main weapon, they don't intend to let others of the same style observe them fight for too long," Femradiel said. "In my timeline, Odin, Athena, Loki, Isis, Hera were the first ones to be killed. It seemed those three feared that you guys could discover the secret of their powers if you watch them for too long."

"You are a good mage as well," Ryan said. "If your father learned, then"

"I tried, but it is impossible, not to mention, just copying it isn't enough," Femradiel explained. "When my father used it since he didn't assimilate in the normal eye, his spirit slowly crumbled while he was transporting us to the past. Much like Merlin's creator, he was expecting to make humans stronger by doing that. He also knew that due to our souls, we were compatible with humans. That is why were could form a pact I am sorry for keeping this hiding until now, Ryan."

"Well, given the circumstances, it was the right thing to do," Ryan shrugged.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1