Chapter 916: Their Goals

Chapter 916: Their goals

After a couple of hours, Femradiel woke up and found Ryan meditating on the bed. There was no reason for him to do that in the real world, not to mention, his mana was already full. So it really seemed like he was only wasting his time.

"You look troubled. Did something happen?" Femradiel asked.

"No let's head to Isis' palace. The others are waiting for us," Ryan replied.

Femradiel sighed. It was a real pain in the ass trying to help or talk with someone who is always trying to do everything by themselves. Still, at that point in time, she was already used to that part of Ryan. So, without wasting any time, she nodded, and they went to Isis palace inside her domain on the other world. Despite their victory, Ryan and Femradiel didn't find Isis and Athena smiling or relaxed for a change. Loki seemed completely amused as always, though.

"You guys will need to sit. This talk will last for a while," Isis said. "At this point in time, you two should have noticed that the elder gods had some sort of goal in mind when they were trying to become the rulers of the world again. We are going to explain why."

"I guess it was about time," Ryan said.

"I am sure you two already know some about our history, how the world and the universe came to be and all that," Isis said. "While there are some accurate facts, some aren't in a sense. Would you believe if I told you that this isn't the only planet Earth in this universe?"

Ryan frowned when he heard that. He could understand the theory about multiple Earths across the multiverse, but several ones in a single universe? That was way too weird. While Ryan seemed confused, Femradiel was showing a serious expression it seemed that she knew something that Ryan didn't.

"A long time ago, certain beings appeared in the universe. They were the primordial lifeforms," Isis explained. "They had power beyond the limits that even some elder gods have a hard time understanding, and with their powers, they originated their first civilizations. They did the same thing over and over again in many regions of the cosmos. Some gave birth to humans, and others gave birth to different species. Eventually, those beings met each other, and due to the fact that they were somewhat similar, they began to view each other as enemies. They tried to fill with life planets that had the right conditions to sustain it. While the number of planets was pretty high, eventually, they came to colonize the same planet. After many disputes, most of those beings were sealed away until two of them were the only ones standing at the end. Eventually, a third force appeared, but those two were unable to seal the third force. So, they have been trying to overthrow each other and become the absolute ruler of the universe."

Ryan looked at Femraidel, Loki, and Athena. They didn't seem surprised in any way. Thanks to Body Analysis, he could also tell that Isis wasn't telling a single lie or something that she felt that it was unclear.

"Those three are Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer," Isis replied.

"Ymir was the ancestor of all Jotnar creatures from Norse mythology, right?" Ryan asked. "As for Chronos, I heard that it was the personification of time, and it was an entity that they ruled over the destiny of the immortal elder gods, but what about Lucifer? Wasn't he originally an angel of Christianity?"

"It is quite a difficulty to answer those questions since none of us existed during those times," Isis replied. "However, in this Earth, they became known as such. When Lucifer rebelled, he became like a deity for the fallen angels, so he obtained the same power as the others and also created many worlds and originated many species of creatures."

"I see" Ryan said.

"Regardless, those three sealed away many beings like themselves, and possibly, they even changed their essence and turned them into elder gods or demons that work or worked for them," Isis added. "It is impossible to confirm that since their original powers and natures were discarded, but that is a guess that we all share."

"According to our history and their actions, Chronus was a being that couldn't be disobeyed by even the Olympian gods," Athena said. "That is why they became known as that. A creature that governs over an aspect of reality beyond our powers."

"As for Ymir, according to our history, he was defeated by Ve, Vily, and Odin," Loki said. "However, Odin never told that with his own mouth. So, we can assume that Ymir still is out there. Considering his actions, Odin certainly is trying to create a force to defeat the being who created the Asgardians, Norse gods, and many other species."

"Zeus was doing the same," Athena added. "He defeated his father, Chronos, the titan, not the ruler over time. And his father defeated his father, Uranus. However, he always had the feeling that he had been dancing on the palm of Chronus' hand, even though he never met them. With that in mind, he created the Olympus and even granted a high-level of divinity to some of his children that were half-human."

"That is a very complicated history" Ryan said while frowning. "What is their goal, anyway?"

"Lucifer just wants to rebel against everything; that is why he created and used the power of corruption to create several things and turn some of them into dragons. By doing so, he expects to find his creator, and eventually become the ruler of the universe." Isis replied. "As for Chronus and Ymir I think that it is safe to assume that they want everything back."

"They want everything back?" Ryan frowned. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"They created many species, but several of those species eventually rebelled against them," Isis said. "So, they want to take back the lives and energy they gave to them. Since we left this planet thousands of years ago, we have been following their traces and eventually found many civilizations that did the same as us. So, they got tired of it. They want to expunge their ingrate creations."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1