Chapter 914: Apollo'S Descendant

Chapter 914: Apollo's Descendant

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Steel Spear.

Congratulations! The skill Steel Spear has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Steel Spear has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Steel Spear has leveled up.

Ryan couldn't help but frown. Those new skills were way too useful. He began to think that Merlin was right, and he only knocked down Zeus by a miracle. After all, how can you defeat someone that can gain your skills and their levels when they defeat you? While it wasn't at the same level as Ryan, Zeus could obtain some power-ups just by defeating weaklings. They just had to have different fighting styles.

"Those skills are way too useful, as expected of the power you gained by defeating the strongest Olympian god," Femradiel said.

"Speaking of that, I am curious about something" Ryan said and then summoned his magic weapons, in which he sealed the elder gods.

"Zeus even you were defeated," Poseidon said, visibly astonished. "I can't believe it."

"You sound less displeased than I expected," Zeus said. "Did you grow used to this, Poseidon?"

"... Tsk," Poseidon clicked his tongue after a few moments of silence.

"Zeus," Odin said. "I watched all the fight, and I am disappointed that you have fallen so far to the point that you tried to use those who you allied with."

"So, it was true" Thorn said. "I knew something smelled fishy when you decided to offer an alliance. Still, I imagined that you had some pride as a warrior. You are pathetic, Zeus."

"Silent, you snot-nosed brat," Zeus said. "If you weren't so hot-blooded, we could have defeated him with our first plan of attack."

"That isn't like you, Zeus," Thanatos said. "To rely on cheap tricks and then complain after failing."

"Nevertheless it seems that the destiny of the world is in the humans' hands now," Hypnos said. "The free elder gods won't make any moves now that they have our powers. We assumed from the very beginning that we wouldn't lose to them and that their only option was to be ruled by us, and thanks to it, we failed. Now a single human is on the path of mastering the power of one demon, two Norse gods, and five Olympian gods."

"This war is far from over," Zeus said. "I only let my efforts of the last thousand years go to waste. I will escape from this prison and force each one of you to cooperate with me or face the consequences. You will be the first, Hephaestus. I won't tolerate you showing your back to the Olympus again."

Hephaestus didn't say anything. He was far too quiet, after all. In any case, it was quite something to see those people talking as if Ryan wasn't hearing them. Inside spatial storage, they couldn't talk since time didn't pass there, so they could only think of something in situations like those.

"If you guys are done, I would like to ask some questions," Ryan said. "You guys didn't want to become rulers of the Earth again just for the sake of it, right? Odin mentioned that he had a goal. What is your goal?"

"You worked with some elder gods, and they didn't tell you anything?" Odin asked.

"No, I suppose they imagined it wouldn't be worth sharing for the time being since we didn't know if we would succeed in defeating you guys," Ryan replied.

"Why don't you ask now then?" Odin insisted.

"I will, but first, I want to hear your side of the story," Ryan said.

Instead of an answer, Ryan only received silence. It seemed that he would have to be more persuasive. Odin seemed more reasonable than Zeus, but he wasn't that eager to share the things that he knew.

"I have nothing to say to someone who threw so much mud and the name of the Olympian gods," Zeus said.

"You had thrown enough mud when you planned to stab me in the back," Thor said.

"You guys can argue about this later," Ryan said. "Odin seems the most reasonable one. Can you answer my question?"

Once again, Ryan received silence instead of an answer, which was troublesome, but he didn't let that bother him. Since they didn't want to cooperate, Ryan put his weapons away. Putting them in a prison where time doesn't pass is actually a good way to handle those who didn't want to cooperate, even after they caused so much trouble to Ryan.

Regardless, instead of asking to Femradiel summon more monsters, Ryan decided to level up some classes to the max level. He had three of them that were in the nineties, but Ryan decided to use them later and level up some that were on a lower level. They were Celestial Bard, Celestial Archer, and Celestial Warmage. He had a feeling that something good would come out from those and Ryan's guess wasn't wrong.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Celestial Bard, Celestial Archer, and Celestial Warmage? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Apollos' Descendant. The Apollo's Descendant class grants you the abilities of Apollo himself, granting you increased control over the sun's powers with an additional damage boost to all fire-based attacks. You learned the skills: Python's Demise, Plaguefire, and Bow Mastery. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Python's Demise.

Effect: It Grants you the ability to teleport an arrow to its target. This skill will work even if the target is outside of your field vision.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Plaguefire.

Effect: Summons a rain of solar arrows that upon contact will burst into green flames. The flames will inflict the solar energy onto the enemy as well as a poison and hunger debuff that cannot be removed until its duration is over. Duration is 10 minutes

Cost: 300 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bow Mastery.

Effect: It grants you increased proficiency in all bow-related attacks. 1% increase in damage, accuracy, and projectile speed per level. You obtained 01 status point.

SYNERGY SKILL: The Soul Splitting Arrow: This special skill was unlocked due to the synergistic effects of your two classes, Artemis's disciple and Apollo's descendant. When activating this skill, you will fire an arrow that will ignore defense and directly target the target's soul.

Cost: 500 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1