Chapter 915: The After

Chapter 915: The after

"Synergy skill, huh" Ryan frowned slightly. "This was unexpected. If I had gained this sooner, I would have had an easier time against Zeus and Thor."

Ryan needed to test the skill, but he already could imagine its effects. Attacking the soul of a foe would be pretty intense in many ways. Summoning a monster himself and then use it as a test subject seemed like a pretty nasty thing to do, so Ryan decided to leave the Void World and look for one since he tried to call Femradiel, and she didn't reply to him.

When Ryan woke up, or rather, he noticed why Femradiel wasn't responding when he opened his eyes. She was treating him like a huge pillow while snoring. Once he freed himself, Ryan checked things in the desert. A few monsters had approached since the entire city was focused on the Mediterranean. While the elder gods decided to retreat, it was too late for them to make their troops do the same.

In any case, when Ryan selected a target, he confirmed his assumptions. The magma golem that was hit tremble from head to toe, even though he was supposed to be a creature that couldn't feel pain, and after that, he crumbled and became a pile of dust

" I guess that is what happens when you damage too much the spirit of something directly," Ryan muttered.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Magma Bullet.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Magma Arrow.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Magma Spear.

You obtained 01 status points.

"You don't waste time, do you?" Loki suddenly appeared and then asked.

"I guess not," Ryan said. "Are you here, or are you just an illusion?"

"What difference does it make?" Loki asked.

"I would feel stupid in saying thanks to an illusion," Ryan said. "You saved my ass back there, so I suppose I owe you one."

"No need for thanks, Odin, Thor, and Zeus' domain shall suffice for that," Loki said.

"I didn't obtain those yet and one will be enough," Ryan said. "After all, you also watched me getting my ass kicked."

"Oh boy are you trying to decrease the valor of your own life?" Loki said while faking some surprise. "You can't make your life sound so cheap."

"Nice try," Ryan said. "One domain will suffice."

"Well, it doesn't matter. I will find another way to obtain those," Loki said. "Nevertheless, when the missy dragon wakes up, take her to Isis' palace. We need to talk about a few things now that the battle is most likely over."

Ryan nodded. He wished that he could have heard things from Zeus and Odin's perspective, but since they didn't want to cooperate, it couldn't be helped. Femradiel was pretty tired since she only had the chance to attack Hermes after getting hit by him for several hours. So, she slept for quite a while. In the meantime, Ryan makes good use of Instant Learning and Akashic Knowledge. It was a pit that he couldn't find many monsters which had archery-related skills. After hunting monsters for a while and getting some skills to level up, Ryan recalled a certain species of monster that caused him quite a lot of trouble: the specters, and he recalled that their skills would be really useful.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Health Stealer.

Effect: It grants you the power to steal ten points of health per level from your enemy.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Mana Stealer.

Effect: It grants you the power to steal ten points of mana per level from your enemy.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Stamina Stealer.

Effect: It grants you the power to steal ten points of stamina per level from your enemy.

You obtained 01 status points.

"It is a bit too late to notice that, but aren't I getting kind of overpowered?" Ryan frowned.

Ryan couldn't help but wonder what could have happened if the elder gods had skills like that, but he could also imagine why they didn't use it if they had. Someone like Thor would say that he wouldn't need the energy of a weakling. Someone like Odin would say that their divinity was more than enough to crush bugs. Regardless, Ryan wasn't like them, and he would use all the tricks on his arsenal. It was a pity that such skill doesn't work with bows or crossbows, but Ryan could speed up the leveling up speed of those by relying on Fast Cast.

"Hey, Merlin," Ryan said. "Do I have enough mana and coins to make the class Thunder King reach the max level?"

"No, you need seventy billion more coins or seven hundred billion more mana points," Merlin replied.

"That much?" Ryan opened his eyes widely. "Isn't the cost too high this time?"

"Do you have any idea how much each of your statuses will increase if that class reaches the max level?" Merlin asked.

"Around thirty thousand points" Ryan said, and then he realized. "Yeah maybe the cost is right."

Essentially, by making that single class reach the max level, Ryan will increase in one hundred percent most of his status that was quite something. Aside from the first day when the monsters appeared, Ryan couldn't remember a time where he suddenly became two times stronger than before. Regardless, now that the remaining elder gods retreated does Ryan still need more power? The answer was probably yes. Just like Odin said, there were some other beings out there beings that made Zeus and Odin worry about their own future.

Regardless, it wasn't like Ryan needed a reason to obtain power. The process was quite tough and sometimes tiresome and boring. Still, in the end, Ryan always felt accomplished while seeing the result of all his progress. The question was: what will happen to him once he is sure that no one out there is a problem to the planet? What will he do?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1