Chapter 920: Corrupt Alchemist

Chapter 920: Corrupt Alchemist

With targets that had absurd power levels, Ryan felt even eager to train and obtain new classes. While he didn't have to since he could obtain the experience of his defeated foes, Ryan still decided to clear some dungeons to sharpen his skills and gain those sweet, sweet status bonuses that he always gains when he clears dungeons.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Holy Knight, Expert Archer, and Corrupt Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Corrupt Alchemist!

You obtained the following skills: Acid Creation, Wildfire, and Hell Plant.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acid Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create an acid potion that causes damage and decreases endurance and mentality based on the skill and intelligence level.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Wildfire.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a special potion when it is used. It causes magical and physical damage. The wildfire will last at the same level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hell Plant.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a special potion that can be used to summon a magic plant. The power of the plant depends on your intelligence, strength, and the level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Unfortunately, Ryan didn't have much time for that because Femradiel recalled something else and then warned Isis and Athena. She also called Ryan, and once again, the group had a meeting in Isis palace.

"I forgot to mention this, but in the other timeline, there was a group that resisted Lucifer's influence for quite a while and even caused some trouble to Chronus and Ymir," Femradiel said. "They were the angels and their followers."

"So, you didn't say this before, but you think that we should team up with them?" Loki asked. "Will we need it if Odin and Zeus decide to cooperate with us?"

"We will because, as you know, they are immune to corruption and can damage demons much more than us," Femradiel said. "Not to mention, the humans on their sides are a force to be recognized."

"How so?" Ryan asked.

"The Angels gave them a part of their powers, and that is already enough to make each one of them two times stronger than any normal human," Femradiel said. "However, they are really fearsome because to obtain that kind of power, they had to give up on their earthly desires. They also gave up on their free will; thus, they are unable to show fear."

"That is quite something, an army that has the power of the angels and doesn't fear death certainly can become reliable allies," Ryan said.

"I don't like that," Loki said. "Without our desires and knowledge, what are we? Robots?"

"You can't complain, neither can any of us since they decided that by themselves," Ryan said. "They weren't forced to do Sox, right?"

"I guess you can say that," Femradiel said. "The angels didn't accept anyone that didn't accept their power in their camp. So, to have their protection, they eventually would have to give up on their individuality."

That seemed a bit troublesome will the angels demand the same to them? Femradiel probably knows the best way to persuade them, but based on what they knew, it seemed that angels had their own side, and those who weren't with them were against them.

"On the good side, Israel, Italy, and England were the countries which have the most survivors in my timeline," Femradiel said. "I believe here is the same, and while they sacrificed something, the humans on their side also gained something in exchange."

"What do you guys think about this?" Isis asked.

"As long as they don't demand for my followers to give up on their free will, I can't see why we couldn't work together to achieve the same goal," Athena said.

"It is a bit worrisome, but I share the same feeling," Loki said. "Having a fun fight against those three will be a pain in the ass. We will need their help."

It was weird to see Loki talking like that. Still, it seemed all the previous talk made him realize that they were going to fight some really difficult enemies and things were about to get serious like never before. Athena and Loki's domains were pretty close to Israel and Italy, so they sent some messages to talk with the Archangels. In the end, they receive a reply only from Israel. Usually, Gabriel would reply, and Michael would ignore it. Still, this time, Michael was the one who replied to the message when Athena mentioned a certain thing Femradiel told her: she told him that she knew in which worlds he would be able to find the remaining demon generals. Apparently, Michael already knew that. Only he and the other three angels knew it.

"I received a reply," Athena said. "They are willing to meet all of us outside their domain in Israel."

"Well, let's get going then," Isis said.

"I don't want to cause trouble again, so I am going to pass," Ryan said.

"Actually, Michael said that he wants to meet Femradiel and you this time," Athena said. "He considered you unworthy, but since you defeated Zeus and Thor, it seems his opinion changed."

"I still feel like clearing dungeons would be more useful for me," Ryan said.

"They have their own dungeons, and we might be able to see if they can offer some interesting classes," Isis said. "Besides, not going might actually cause problems for the possible alliance."

"What a pain" Ryan said and then sighed. "Let's hope this won't be a massive waste of time."

It was quite a weird group to travel around with. Still, in the end, the travel period only lasted a few seconds since everyone there could use Teleport. As soon as those five used Teleport and appeared in the combined place, a creature that emitted a powerful light throughout his whole body appeared in front of them. The aura was particularly strong around the face, so Ryan could not see Michael's face. However, he saw that he was wearing full silver armor that covered his torso until his knees, and he also had a flaming spear. The flames were so intense that Ryan felt like he was close to the sun.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1