Chapter 928: Immortal'S Blade

Chapter 928: Immortal's Blade

After hearing the whole history, some people in the meeting room wanted to say that Ryan had gone mad. It was only obvious, after all, who would believe that the elder gods who caused so much trouble in the last year now were working together to defeat the same enemies?

"Do you have any proof that those three actually exist?" Daniel asked.

"Femradiel's word is already enough for me to believe that, but I suppose this should be enough for you," Ryan said and then threw Chronus Ring toward Daniel.

"Those effects are where did you get this?" Daniel asked as he passed the ring to the others to see it.

"From Loki, now that I think about it he maybe knew that things would think a turn like this way back then," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "By giving me this ring, he prepared me to the moment where the others would tell me about the existence of beings that are even more powerful than the elder gods."

"I have no idea what you are talking about but I guess an item with a power like that confirms the existence of Chronus," Daniel said.

"Now then, I will take my leave," Ryan declared. "Since you can use Teleport, you can come and talk with the others if you decide to work with us."

"Wait, we still have a lot to talk about," John, Daniel's father, said. "We are busy dealing with Baal. We can't abandon our territory."

"Isis will prepare the right tools for your group to move around between the domains without being noticed," Ryan explained. "That reminds me, I will need Baldr back. What do you want for that sword?"

"Hmm I am not sure. Thanks to Baldr's power, I can heal pretty fast," Daniel said. "Why don't you tell me what are you willing to offer for it?"

"Do you know the specters? How about those skills that they had?" Ryan asked.

"Do you mean the skills that grant them the power to steal our energy from a distance?" Daniel frowned. "Can you give us that?"

"I suppose it will be a waste of time to give it only to one for you," Ryan said. "So, I will give you the Skill Bestowal as well. That way, you can pass the skills to everyone in this base."

"You also have that power?" Daniel frowned. "The skills I got after defeating Baldr were more battle-oriented."

"Whatever, do you accept it or not?" Ryan asked.

Daniel looked toward his allies, and they all nodded. Those skills will certainly increase the powers of the survivors in the base. Not to mention, it will prevent many deaths.

"All right, I will accept that," Daniel said and then summoned the sword in which he used to seal Baldr.

Immortal's Blade.

Effect: it grants you the power to recover one hundred points of health per second.

Strength +2000

Durability: 1500/1500

"Not bad, I guess," Ryan said.

Without wasting time, Ryan used Skill Bestowal to grant Daniel those four skills. He frowned when he received those very valuable skills in the blink of an eye. He had assumed that he had reached Ryan's level after hunting monsters day in and day out for so long, but it seemed that Ryan didn't slack off either. Perhaps the real difference between them was the fact that Ryan brought the fight to the enemies.

"For the time being, it will be better if you don't make any plans regarding all of your soldiers," Ryan said. "Focus only on spreading those skills and making the people train them. Our goal is to defeat the demon generals next, but we can't warn those three."

"All right Let's see, I will pass those skills to Mia and Zoe since they have more mana, and they will do the same to the others," Daniel said. "Meanwhile, I will go and talk with your new friends. Once I have a good grasp of who they are, I will talk with my friends again."

"Suit yourself," Ryan said.

"I want to go as well," Anna said. "I want to see the change of heart of the elder gods with my own eyes."

"You are hot-headed as always," Ryan shrugged. "It is not like they had any other option. They had to accept it or live the rest of their lives as weapons."

"I am amazed that you convinced them considering that," Cole said. "I thought they were more prideful than that and would never forgive you for turning them into weapons."

"The idea to make an alliance wasn't mine," Ryan said. "While you are correct, their pride was also what forced them to accept our deal. We didn't kill any of them and didn't demand anything in return for freeing them. Aside from their word to work with us until we are free of those three."

"What about afterward?" Mia asked. "How will life be after those three are defeated?"

"If I could see the future, I would be able to solve everything by myself," Ryan said. "I don't know what will happen. All that I know is that Zeus and Odin's goals were to prepare to fight Ymir and Chronus. If we achieve that, they will have to find another goal."

"What do you think of our chances?" Daniel asked.

"Why do you guys keep asking me questions that require me to have the ability to see the future?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Truth to be told, Ryan wasn't that confident at the end of that battle. After all, the powers of those three were way above everything he had seen. However, he didn't want to say something depressing in front of Zoe and Arthur. Now that Ryan thought about it, maybe Arthur will be the key to solve that mess of a situation. Still, he was confident but wondered should he help Arthur train and put the faith of the world on the shoulders of a kid like him who wasn't even one year old in reality? Ryan decided to train him, but only to see if he also had potential as a warrior instead of a mage.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1