Chapter 925: Together

Chapter 925: Together

Ryan obviously didn't want to deal with the people there. They were too much of a pain. Not to mention, it was too tiresome for him not to punch Daniel every time they met, now that he was sure that he could win any fight against him with his fists alone.

"They won't trust us unless you do that much. They will think that we are planning something, that is why you should go," Isis said. "I won't force you, though. However, I am pretty sure that they have a better opinion of you since the elder gods' troops aren't causing trouble all over the world anymore and considering that you went to face Odin to protect them."

"Like I care," Ryan said. "I was only worried about Arthur and Zoe. Come to think of it, it is about time for me to change this mindset I am not their guardian, and they are already strong enough to protect themselves."

"You can stop this now, Ryan," Femradiel said. "We already know that you don't care anymore about the past that much. You don't want to associate with Daniel and Mia, but you truly don't feel any more hatred towards them."

"What?" Ryan frowned.

"Look at the things you had to endure over the last year. If compared to those, that incident looks so small," Femradiel said. "Perhaps you truly didn't notice it, but your anger toward them is laughable now. It is almost at the same level as the anger you would feel toward someone who stepped on your foot years ago. Think about it, if you really hated them, you would have made Mia run away when Alissa brought her to your domain six months ago. If you truly wanted Daniel dead, you would have made him fight Odin. That would be the worse match-up for him, after all. At this point in time, you only feel some anger toward them out of duty since they were once your best friends. They already moved from their past, only you are trying really hard to keep a part of yourself at that moment."

Ryan couldn't help but wonder was that really true? He hated Daniel out of obligation? After thinking with his cool head for a while, Ryan realized that feeling anything toward them was a waste of time. Instead of that, he should focus on the present. Not to mention, in the past, he assumed a neutral stance with them, but after he caused those dungeon breaks, he was aggressive once again.

"Just thinking about it," Femradiel said. "If you feel that you can't forget that incident, then just kill them already and move on. If you think that is too much, then stop sulking due to something that happened only a single time, and that was beyond your control."

Femradiel was being pretty harsh lately. Probably because she didn't have to hide about her origins anymore. Even so, that much change was troublesome come to think of it, considering what Ryan heard about her past, her sudden change of behavior still wasn't explained after Poseidon's incident. When Ryan heard that she came from the future, he had imagined that something that happened there made her feel something towards him, but apparently, nothing uncommon happened. So, why Femradiel fell in love with him? From Ryan's perspective, she needed to have a reason. Love can't just happen like that, or can it?

"It seems Michael wants to meet us again," Athena said. "Once again, he is calling all of us."

"Well, what are you going to do, Ryan?" Isis asked.

"Sure, why not?" Ryan said while he was scratching his chin and staring at nothing.

Ryan had many things to think about, but he still decided to go with them. It was a rather annoying time to start to doubt himself, but in the end, it also seemed like it was finally time for Ryan to abandon his past.

When they teleported back to Isreal, the group found four angels waiting for them. Just like Michael, they couldn't see their faces thanks to an abnormal amount of light coming from them. One had a Harp and wasn't wearing any piece of armor but had a white cloak covering his body. It was Uriel. Another one had a bow and was wearing light armor. It was Gabriel. The other was pretty similar to Michael, but he had a flaming sword instead. It was Raphael.

"We are here, Micheal," Isis said. "Zeus and Odin agreed to work with us, and they must be reuniting their other elder gods as we speak to mention about their decision."

"Why did you mention that? Are you trying to force us into your alliance by telling that?" Michael asked.

"No, I just saying because they are willing to put our differences aside to protect this world in which we all inhabit," Isis said.

"How can you be sure that they won't betray you at the first chance?" Michael asked.

"I would rather have faith in their wish to protect this world," Isis replied. "Much like them, you and I also have some followers that decided to fight for us and alongside us. We have our differences, but our goal is the same. We want to protect this planet and all the life in it."

Michael looked toward those five in front of him. Isis, Athena, and Femradiel looked pretty serious about that. As for Loki, it was hard to read him with that smile on his face. As for Ryan, he seemed too absent-minded. It seemed that something more important than the fate of the world was bothering him.

"We already had made our minds. We will work with you this time to protect this world," Michael said. "I cannot fail to the people who decided to work alongside us and endure these hard times. I have some demands, though. Whatever plan you might have in mind, I want my people fighting Lucifer first and foremost in case those three comes to this world together."

"Not to worry, I don't have a single idea of how to defeat those three," Isis smiled. "But I am confident that we will find the most efficient way to solve the issue if we put our minds to work together."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1