Chapter 922: Sense Of Humor

Chapter 922: Sense of humor

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Night Hunting has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Hunter Specialization has leveled up.

Since the next big battle will probably be against the demons, Ryan decided to level up the skills that would help him with that. Even though he got really stronger lately, there was no telling what might happen when those crazy beings were on the path. In any case, leveling up those skills was kind of hard without facing the demons. Few monsters were good against demons, after all. The next option would be to rely on Merlin, but it seemed kind of a waste. Ryan wanted to make the Thunder King or Sea King class reach the max level. When he finally is able to use Poseidon's trident and Thor's hammer and show their true power.

"I will have to defeat a lot of monsters to have enough coins and mana to make a single one of them reach the max level" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I should focus on leveling up the classes that already are beyond level ninety."

Ryan already had too many skills to train, but old habits die hard. So, it was only obvious that he would keep pursuing new special classes. If compared to the Draconic classes and the ones he gained after defeating elder gods, the bonus were quite small, but Ryan built his strength like that slowly.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Poisonous Archer, Bounty Hunter, and Expert Archer? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Rich Archer. You learned the skills: Golden Arrow, Riches and Glory, and Golden Bow. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Golden Arrow

Effect: It grants you the power to steal the coins of your enemies while attacking them. The number of coins stolen will be equal to 0.1 percent of the damage dealt of this skill per level.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Riches and Glory

Effect: it grants you the power to increase the damage of your arrows by using coins. Each level of this skill grants you the chance to use one hundred more coins per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Golden Bow

Effect: it grants you the power to summon a bow that will fire arrows at the cost of coins instead of mana.

Cost: 10 coins per projectile

You obtained 01 status points.

"Rich Archer this system has really some weird classes," Ryan frowned. "Merlin, is it you who gives the names of those?"

"No, my creator thought of the names of most classes," Merlin replied. "He always thought that his sense of humor could only be understood by a few people."

"I can't deny that," Ryan shrugged.

Regardless, that class would help Ryan achieve his goals a bit faster, and it seemed quite a fun class too. So, he began to spam Golden Arrow on the demons like there was no tomorrow.

You obtained 77 coins.

You obtained 77 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Golden Arrow had leveled up

You obtained 154 coins.

The effects were even better than Ryan had imagined, probably because of his high dexterity. In the end, Ryan stopped using all other skills and focused only on using Golden Arrow

"If only making money before was this easy," Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan spent those two days hunting monsters to gain coins and level up Golden Arrow, but then he was forced to stop because it was time to hear the answers. First of all, they returned to Isis palace and reunited there, where they found Ryan's weapons.

"Well, what have you decided?" Isis asked.

"... I need to talk with the other Norse gods first, but Thor and I agree to cooperate until Ymir, Chronus, and Lucifer are out of the picture," Odin said.

"What about you, Zeus?" Isis asked.

"Before deciding anything, I want to hear what you are going to do with us if we decide to cooperate or refuse," Zeus said. "I won't form an alliance if I have to accept some pact that will turn my people and me into slaves."

"You are pretty for someone who has a record of using temporary allies," Thor said.

"... If you don't cooperate, nothing will change. We will treat you like weapons and use you as we see fit," Isis said. "If you decide to cooperate, you will have your freedom back, and the only thing that we will need to trust you is your word."

That is a pretty naive way to handle things. Still, Ryan could understand that Isis was probably giving them total liberty so that they could think that she wasn't planning to do anything with them after the fight unless they forced her to do it.

"We will have our gear and domains back?" Zeus asked.

"You may keep your domains," Isis replied. "As for the other things"

"No way, I am not going to give up on two sets of amazing weapons," Ryan said. "They will have to look for something else to use. The loot of battle goes to the winner."

"You heard him, come to think of it, your liberty and your domain are more than enough considering the number of resources and allies we lost fighting against you," Isis said.

"What is the point of having our weapons? A mortal will never be able to use them properly," Thor said.

"That is not a problem. We discovered that humans can increase the powers they receive when they defeat elder gods," Isis explained. "It is only a matter of time before Ryan can show the true power of your hammer and Poseidon's trident."

"That is impossible" Thor said.

"Putting such matters aside, what is your answer, Zeus?" Isis asked.

Zeus stayed quiet for quite a while, the other Greek gods stayed silent for the whole time, so it was safe to assume that they had already reached an agreement. Zeus was just trying to make things even more convenient for them. Despite their nature of doing whatever they wanted the way they wanted, they sure knew how to negotiate

"If you free each one of us without exception, I give you my word that we will work together until those three are defeated," Zeus replied.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1