Chapter 924: Illusion Lord

Chapter 924: Illusion Lord

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Lord of War!

You obtained the following skills: Weapon Manipulation, Combat Analysis, and Indomitable Will.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Weapon Manipulation.

Effect: It grants you the power to wield any weapon and show skills beyond one's level of mastery of the weapon. Higher levels of this skill will grant you the power to use even more effectively more advanced weapons.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Combat Analysis.

Effect: It grants you the power to understand the fighting style of your enemies and then adapt to them, giving you the chance to react to them with the minimal notion of their movements. This skill will grant you the power to react to the enemies' attacks at higher levels even before they start them.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Indomitable Will.

Effect: It grants you the power to fight in your best condition at most times. This skill will give you almost total tolerance to negative magic effects and even pain. This state cannot be entered or maintained if your body is in critical condition.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Those are some interesting skills as well," Ryan said. "I will make sure to make good use of them."

Athena nodded and then left. Although he didn't say or demonstrated that, Ryan was quite excited with those skills. After all, Ryan really liked passive skills. Not to mention, those skills, in particular, would really help him fighting for longer periods without losing his head to anger.

"Well, I guess I should get going," Loki said.

Ryan crossed his arms and then faced Loki. Since Isis and Athena did that, it was only obvious that Loki was supposed to give him some powers as a compensation for the weapons he had lost.

"Don't look at me like that," Loki forced a smile. "You are already strong enough, or do you want to rule over the elder gods? Besides, my powers wouldn't fit your style."

"If I wanted to rule over something or someone, I would have much more minions," Ryan replied.

"I suppose that is true" Loki nodded. "Oh, well I guess I have to do my part as well."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Illusion Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Mind Summoning, Illusion Awareness, and Absolute Thievery.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mind Summoning.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon all kinds of things from your mind. The more complex the things you want to summon, the more mana you will have to use to make it real.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Illusion Awareness.

Effect: It grants you the power to feel the presence of illusions nearby. It also grants you the awareness if you had fallen for one. The level of the skill determines how fast you can find the illusions.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Absolute Thievery.

Effect: It grants you the power to gain the most valuable objects under your target's possession upon defeating them. The level of the skill determines how many items you will gain and the chances of you gaining the treasures of the enemy.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Interesting" Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "If I level up this class and skills, then I probably won't fall your tricks, huh."

"I wouldn't bet on that," Loki smiled and then disappeared.

As much as that was annoying, Ryan had to admit that Loki was right. In the end, just having the skills wouldn't make him defeat any master. Beings like him had the advantage of being long-lived and also had tons of experience of using their powers against all kinds of opponents.

Putting that aside, even though his Illusion Awareness was at a low level, Ryan still could see Loki hidden nearby thanks to Draconic Eyes. He could see that the traces of Loki's mana stopped moving somewhere because that skill was at the max level.

"Well, it seems you are someone who I can trust to keep myself on my toes," Loki said and then reappeared to give Femradiel his powers as well.

"Well then, what are the plans now?" Ryan asked. "Athena can receive the reply from Michael, right? We don't have to go and see him again."

"We should go just in case," Isis said. "That way, you will have the chance to meet with the humans working with them, and you will also have access to their dungeons."

"New classes are good and all, but it will be useless if we can't kill the creatures being spawned there," Ryan said. "They are probably spawning angels' non-stop Come to think of it, spawning angels for over a year they must have dozens of millions of them."

"That was one of the reasons they caused so much trouble to those three in my timeline," Femradiel said.

"If you play your cards well, maybe the four archangels will also give you their power," Isis said. "If I had there with that possibility in mind, they would know, and they won't give it. Even without that, I am pretty sure they won't."

"Speaking of which, what Alissa and friends said about joining us, Femradiel?" Isis asked. "I know that they can't leave their territory until we deal with the demons, but we will have to have more meetings and train our troops daily once we deal with them."

"She said that there is no problem in leaving her territory behind once we deal with the demons," Femradiel replied. "The others in South America also share the same thinking. The only ones I didn't contact were Ryan's old friends."

"Good, we will leave Ryan to talk with them," Isis said.

"What the hell?" Ryan frowned.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1