Chapter 927: Talk

Chapter 927: Talk

At first, everyone imagined that there would be some confusion when people of all camps began to travel around using Checkpoint. However, the humans who followed the angels, Isis, Athena, and Loki, were surprisingly obedient. So, nothing happened.

"I guess it is time to pay a visit to Odin and Zeus," Isis said. "I will create Checkpoints in their domains as well. Meanwhile, you two should go and talk with Alissa and the others."

"Are you sure that it is a good idea for your three to go alone?" Ryan asked.

"It will be fine. This will be a good sign to tell them that we are serious about this alliance," Isis said.

"If you are nervous, Ryan, I can go with you and hold your hand while you apologize to them," Femradiel smirked.

"Ha-ha, very funny," Ryan said. "I am not going to apologize. I am going to ask if they want to become my minions."

"That way of thinking will only cause problems" Isis said and then sighed. "Everyone in this alliance will work better if they know that all of us are on equal standing."

"That is a good way to make humans get carried away, make them think that they are the same as elder gods who can make dozens if not hundreds of meteors fall on the planet."

"I don't think that those who survived until now without getting carried away will do now," Isis said. "Regardless, you can tell them about our goal. You can also mention that all the leaders' opinions will have the same value in the discussions. As for other details, we three will have to talk with them since you are not exactly that eager to talk with them."

"It is a pain, but I suppose since everyone is doing something, I should help out as well," Ryan said.

That was bothering him for a while, so Ryan decided to solve that issue as soon as possible. He wasn't the type who kept postponing things, so Ryan teleported back to the underground base. The domain had expanded since the last time he saw it, so Ryan frowned when he realized that even the entire Indianapolis was inside the domain. Not to mention, the survivors began to cultivate the land around that could be cultivated. As for meat, they just had to eat monsters. Ryan ate the Poisonous Toads when he cleared the dungeons of that region for the first time, and they were quite tasty, and weirdly enough, the poison in their bodies kind of worked like a seasoning.

When the people there finally noticed Ryan, some of them frowned while some of them openly showed fear. It seemed that a lot of people still recalled him, but they soon calmed down when Daniel appeared after using Teleport.

"Well, well, well look who appeared," Daniel crossed his arms and then said. "What are you doing here, Ryan?"

"I want to talk with the leaders of this place," Ryan replied. "We are forming an alliance, and some of the members want your group to join."

"How unusual of you to reply to a question coming from me so easily," Daniel said. "So, you are working for the elder gods now?"

"I am working with them, not for them," Ryan said. "Anyway, bring all those you think they need to hear an important piece of Intel because I don't want to repeat the same thing later."

Daniel seemed calmer than Ryan recalled. Come to think of it, he didn't remember feeling all that anger when they met during the fight against Poseidon and Baldr also, come to think of it, Ryan had to free Baldr from that group.

Daniel also noticed that Ryan seemed calmer than usual. Since he had come himself to tell about the alliance, he also assumed that he wasn't joking or doing something shady. Ryan wasn't that type of person, after all. Not to mention, he fought against Odin to protect the camp.

"... All right, we were about to have a meeting anyway," Daniel said. "You can join us and tell us what you have to say."

Daniel granted Ryan the chance to enter his domain, and without wasting time, they teleported to the meeting room. Some of the guys were already there, so they jumped when they saw Ryan. They were Tristan, Mark, and Orland. Ryan ignored them and then sat in a rotating chair and began to rotate it. It was quite relaxing.

"Before anyone asks anything, let's wait for the others," Daniel said. "They must be on their way since they felt Ryan's presence."

Just like Daniel had said, everyone approached while running. It seemed that only Daniel could Teleport, so it couldn't be helped. Naturally, they had many questions, but since they saw that Daniel was quiet and Ryan wasn't the one who repeated himself, they waited until everyone had appeared. Even Arthur and Zoe showed up alongside Mia.

"Big bro!" Zoe said.

"Hey it has been a while," Ryan replied while he was still making the chair rotate.

"... What are you doing?" Zoe frowned since Ryan looked like a child while playing with the chair.

"Just killing time," Ryan replied. "It seems everyone is here, so I will tell you what happened in the last few days."

In the end, Ryan gave one hell of a summary to everyone. He didn't give many details, but he told them they had won the fights against the Norse and Greek gods and that they also freed them soon afterwards to make an alliance with them. He also mentioned that they were allied with the angels now, all for the sake of defeating Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer. Naturally, the whole place fell silent.

"... You will have to give us more details, Ryan," Daniel said. "You are skipping too many events. We can't believe that Femradiel is from the future, considering only what you told us."

"She defeated Echidna, Lilith, and Aphrodite by herself, and she knows where the demons can be found and how the Angels create their holy knights," Ryan said. "That obviously confirms that still, I suppose I can give more details."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1