Chapter 923: Counting On

Chapter 923: Counting on

Freeing the elder gods from the weapons had been pretty easy. Isis just touched and damaged them just enough to make the spirits escape. As if they were prepared for that, the elder gods easily recreated their bodies. So, the room became full again. Poseidon, Thanatos, Hephaestus, Hypnos, Hades, Aphrodite, Hermes, Zeus, Odin, Thor, Hera, Ares they all were back no wonder the air in the room suddenly became so cold. Those people tried to kill each other not a long time ago, and it was evident that some of them, like Poseidon, and Thanatos still wanted to kill Ryan.

"So, what are you going to do now?" Isis asked.

"... Reform our armies and contact the other elder gods," Zeus replied. "As promised, we will build our strength to face those three."

"We will do the same. We will have to work for a few days since you defeated us through and through," Odin said.

"Very well, I will contact each one of you daily. You guys can do the same if you feel the need," Isis said. "Before facing the demons, I will contact the other human leaders and see what they think about this alliance. So, I believe we will have plenty of time to prepare."

"Right, see you soon," Zeus said, and then he and the other Greek gods disappeared.

"I heard that you can use Hypnos power to train your soldiers, so I will send some humans here to train as well eventually," Odin said. "I will be counting on you."

After that, Odin and Thor disappeared. As far as he was concerned, Ryan didn't notice anyone who seemed like they were plotting something aside from bloodthirsty.

"You sure are lenient, Isis," Loki shrugged. "You should have put a spell or two on them in order to prevent backstabbing. Odin and Thor aren't like that, but the others"

"Zeus won't do anything indirectly. I am one hundred percent sure that he will keep his word until the end of the battle," Athena said. "Even if he tries something after, he won't backstab anyone. Considering that we didn't kill any of them, even though we had the chance, it would damage their honor if they do that against someone who showed them that much mercy."

"My apologies, Ryan," Isis said. "I decided all that on the fly without consulting you. You certainly are the one who lost more with this agreement."

"I owe you one during the incident with Hypnos, so it is fine," Ryan said. "Still, without those weapons, the number of things I can do will decrease."

"I suppose we can compensate by giving you a part of our powers," Isis said and then showed her hand. "Hold my hand for a while."

Ryan wanted to ask why she didn't do that earlier if she could give him some of her power. But in the end, it wasn't time to complain. Once he touched Isis's hand, Ryan felt a strong wave of energy being absorbed by his spirit.

Congratulations! Your class: Magic Lord has reached the level max and has evolved into Magic King. All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points whenever you level up this class. You have learned the skills: Elemental Mastery, Legendary Archery, and Soul Creation.

Elemental Mastery

Effect: it grants you the power to have Absolute control over the elements. You can even combine. The skill increases the damage of all elemental attacks by five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Legendary Archery

Effect: it grants you five percent extra damage per level when using bows and crossbows.

You obtained 01 status points.

Soul Manipulation

Effect: it grants you the power to manipulate souls under your command, create and transfer them to some types of bodies. The higher the skill level, the more you can customize a soul, given them even a certain amount of your knowledge and skills.

You obtained 01 status points.

"... Those are certainly some awesome skills," Ryan said after he opened his eyes widely in shock.

"If you train for a while, you will be able to create even Plasma by using Elemental Mastery," Isis said. "However, Soul Manipulation will probably be one of your best skills. If you think of a certain skill and then activate Soul Manipulation, you will create one soul that has that kind of knowledge. Then you can seal it inside items to create magic items."

"Is that so I find it quite weird that souls can be created that easily," Ryan frowned.

Nevertheless, that means that Ryan could create magic weapons, even if he couldn't find the right monsters to use them. He probably could even experiment more with it and make the weapons have more uses. It was a bit weird the idea of creating a soul, but it should be fine, as long as he doesn't give it sapience and sentience.

"Now it is your turn, Femradiel," Isis said.

While Isis gave a part of her powers to Femradiel, Ryan began to plan his subsequent actions. The group still was waiting for Micheal's answer, but Ryan's training could be decided like that. However, much to his surprise. It seemed that Isis wasn't the only one who was going to give him a new power. Athena stepped forward and approached.

"I must thank you, Ryan," Athena said. "After a very long time, the Olympian gods have reunited once again. Not under Zeus' command, but under the goal of protecting this world."

"They don't seem all that eager to work together from my perspective," Ryan said.

"That is because they are too different since they rule over many aspects of the physical world," Athena explained. "Nevertheless, after being defeated by the same group many times, their honor will force them to keep their word and work together. It isn't the best condition, but maybe we can improve it after we solve all this situation."

"One can only hope," Ryan said.

"Yes, and we can because you didn't try to kill them when you had the chance. You didn't let the idea of taking their place blind your judgment," Athena said and then offered a handshake. "I didn't say this before, but I will be counting on you from this day onward."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1