Chapter 926: Battle Mage

Chapter 926: Battle Mage

Even though they were quite secretive, the four angels guided the visitors toward the core of their base. For the time being, they didn't have any reason to have a meeting. Still, they needed to optimize their movement speed in case something happened. So, Isis used a skill called Checkpoint. It was a level lower than Teleport, but it granted those who use it the chance to instantly move between two determined places. Naturally, the other side of Checkpoint led to Isis' palace.

"I was informed that you are planning to contact another group of humans and other influential individuals to join this side," Michael said. "While I believe that might help our cause. You should hurry. The demons noticed that you are doing something suspicious, so they are dividing their forces to attack easier targets in order to increase their forces."

"What are they planning to do now?" Isis asked.

"They are planning to storm Asia since the groups there aren't that cooperative toward each other," Michael replied. "While they have the numbers and a high level of strength, it won't serve their cause if they don't work together."

Ryan heard that. Natasha and Alissa's friend, Fang Shi, might face some troubles due to that. For the time being, Yahiko was safe since Beelzebub would have to cross a whole continent to reach Japan, and he couldn't see him targeting that country for the time being.

"We will send some of our forces and Femradiel to help. Alissa will probably want to help as well," Isis said.

"Why aren't we going ourselves and surround Beelzebub to deal with him once and for all?" Michael asked.

"I can understand why you are so eager to kill him," Isis said. "However, that won't give us time to prepare in case we alert Lucifer. Once one of those three begins to move to this world, it will be certain that the other two will follow as well. We will need to organize our troops and gather more allies. We will probably need a lot of time to talk with all the leaders in China and India."

Michael nodded. Beelzebub was the demon that could create demons faster than the others, so it would take some time anyway to find him on the battlefield. Ryan also wanted to join the fight since his thoughts were starting to annoy him. Still, in the end, he had to move on from his path, and the only way he could truly do that was to stop running away from it and talk with the people in the underground base.

"About your Holy Knights how many of them can already control that power?" Isis asked.

"May I ask why you are interested in the subject?" Michael asked.

"Femradiel said that with the power you gave them, the humans are at least two times stronger than the average soldier in this world," Isis explained. "With the power of the Angelic Transformation, the difference in power will be even greater. So, I was planning to speed up their training. Hypnos, Femradiel, and Ryan can create worlds where time passes faster than usual, and the training there reflects in the real world. While we help your soldiers, you help ours and let us clear your dungeons."

"I suppose that is only fair," Michael crossed his arms and then said. "Right now, we have around five hundred humans who can use Angelic Transformation. There are some requirements in terms of skills and status for their bodies to withstand that kind of power, so we are not making much progress on that aspect. However, if you also let us use your dungeons"

"Naturally," Isis said. "Things will be hectic from this moment onward, so let's make sure to help this process go as smoothly as possible."

There were two-tier three dungeons in Isreal, so naturally, Ryan and Femradiel cleared those. Weirdly enough, the angels could control prevent the death of their bosses by using Revival. It was one heck of a useful skill. Still, unfortunately, it only worked on angels and humans that had the power of angels.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Berserker, Sentinel, and Battle Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Battle Mage!

You obtained the following skills: Fire Spirit, Ice Spirit, and Electric Spirit.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Spirit.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a spirit that will enter your body and grant you additional fire damage and resistance. When attacking, your physical attacks will cause fire damage, and when suffering damage, your body will reflect some of the damage with fire attacks directly into the enemy.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Spirit.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a spirit that will enter your body and grant you additional ice damage and resistance. When attacking, your physical attacks will cause ice damage, and when suffering damage, your body will reflect some of the damage with ice attacks directly into the enemy.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Spirit.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a spirit that will enter your body and grant you additional electric damage and resistance. When attacking, your physical attacks will cause electric damage, and when suffering damage, your body will reflect some of the damage with electric attacks directly into the enemy.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

One of the dungeons granted Ryan classes that he already had, but the other one had a class that Ryan didn't have yet. Even better, it seemed like one heck of class. The only downside was that Ryan could only summon a single spirit at a time

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1