Chapter 930: Power

Chapter 930: Power

In the end, Ryan finished off half a million goblins that had come to Earth in one hour, and he killed two million others in Padmi's world in three more. However, he still didn't find her she sure was good at hiding. Nevertheless, Ryan obtained a stupid amount of coins in a single afternoon, so he decided to return to the base.

"Five billion coins not bad for a single afternoon of hunting," Ryan smiled in satisfaction.

It was all thanks to the class Rich Archer. Since the coins Ryan gained were based on the amount of damage he caused, overkill could make him rich much faster.

"In any case, Merlin, regarding the skills of those three, how many classes out there can mimic their abilities?" Ryan asked.

"Who knows?" Merlin asked.

"Are you messing with me?" Ryan frowned.

"If you don't give me the specifics, I can't show a list of anything," Merlin replied. "However, I am pretty sure there isn't a skill or class that will grant you the power to go to the past in any circumstances."

"So you knew what I was thinking," Ryan said. "Regardless, give me a list of classes that will grant me the power to control time."

Time Lord - 500.000.000

Time King - 10.000.000.000

"Can I see the skills those classes can grant?" Ryan asked.

"No," Merlin replied.

"So unreasonable anyway, why is Time King the last class?" Ryan asked. "Considering those classes that I gained after defeating some of the elder gods, there was supposed to be a Time God class."

"I don't have much information about Chronus skills, but considering what we know about him, we can say that his ability to control time is unrivaled," Merlin said. "My creator learned some high-level time magic, but it wasn't at the same level."

"Is that so" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Sloth Lord and the Time Mage class already granted Ryan some pretty good skills, so he couldn't help but wonder if he would need others. Even if he learn more of those skills, will it be useful against Chronus? Will he have enough time to train them? If Ryan focuses on leveling up Sea King or Thunder King up to the max level, he will gain 30 thousand points in all his attributes, and that would be one hell of a power-up. So, he was having a hard time choosing between them.

"What do you think, Merlin?" Ryan asked. "Should I reach god rank in a class or obtain king rank in another one?"

"You should make that decision by yourself," Merlin said. "If you were to regret it later, I don't want to be blamed for it."

"Thank you for your valuable insight, as always," Ryan said.

While Ryan was heading to Isis palace, he wondered about what he should do and why Chronus' power reached a level where even Merlin's creator didn't reach. Was it because his creator was just a human? Come to think of it, the Chronus of Greek mythology is more like a concept than a being of flesh and bones. Still, if that were the case, he wouldn't feel something like regret for creating certain species.

When Ryan reached the palace, he found Loki and Athena alone. It seemed that Isis had left with Daniel's group. To do what, Ryan had no idea.

"You seem troubled," Loki said.

"What is everyone doing?" Ryan asked.

"Your friends invited Isis to their base. They said that it will be easy for the people there to follow him if they see her by themselves," Loki explained.

"This looks like something that will take a while, so why are you two waiting here?" Ryan asked.

"The Checkpoints are all connected to this place, so one of us always has to stay here," Athena explained. "Aside from that, we were talking about what he should do to counter the powers of those three."

"Lucifer's powers are quite diverse, I don't know much, but it seems that Ymir's powers as a summoner are peerless," Loki said. "As for Chronus just thinking about it makes my head hurt."

"How weird to see you being so sincere about your troubles," Ryan frowned.

"That only shows the severity of the situation," Loki said. "Since they lived much longer than us, we can't tell if they had a hard time against any opponent. They probably fought amongst themselves several times but to hope for that to happen again and gain some insight from it is just too much."

"Speaking of which, where did you find this ring?" Ryan asked.

"I am a pretty curious god, and I have been thinking for a while on how to defeat those three by myself, so I investigated the worlds in which they created new species and then destroyed them when they did something unpleasant for them," Loki explained. "I found it in one of those words, but the effect is so weak that it doesn't affect elder gods, so I also assumed it wouldn't work against them."

"Is this a sign that Chronus created this or that someone managed to copy a fraction of his power?" Ryan asked.

"It is hard to say," Loki shrugged.

"At least we know more or less what Lucifer can do," Athena said and then sighed. "Still, it is hard to say if relying on the deadly sins is the only thing he can do."

"Speaking of those sins, what can each one of them do?" Ryan asked.

"As you know, Greed can steal status, Sloth can alter the sense of time, Lust can make one recover energy near instantly. "Athena replied. "Gluttony makes one able to store energy inside one's body indefinitely. Envy can make one able to copy skills from the enemies and make them level up just by seeing them in action. Wrath increases the status of the user according to their anger, and pride it boosts their status as well, according to their ego."

"Those skills sure look promising, but they can't be compared to the ability to control time indefinitely," Ryan said.

"That is because Lucifer can use them without restrictions and to their utmost limits," Athena said. "That is something not even their generals can."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1