Chapter 935: Improvement

Chapter 935: Improvement

"Is there any specific reason why you are leveling up time-related skills?" Femradiel asked while she was providing Ryan with mana to train those skills. "Are you thinking that Chronus is the most dangerous enemy?"

"Originally, I thought that was the case, but it is just a feeling. I can't tell before seeing them in action," Ryan replied. "Speaking of which, how much do you know about those three powers?"

"Not much, while some humans caused them trouble, I wasn't among them," Femradiel replied. "Not to mention, they weren't impatient when some humans lasted them longer. So, they didn't feel the need to use their true powers. Lucifer just used his corruption to obtain cursed dragons. Ymir used black holes because few people had high-level resistance against darkness and gravity. As for Chronus he just made everyone age too fast until they became dust."

"All those crazy powers, and you think they weren't serious?" Ryan frowned. "Nevertheless you should obtain the Time Lord class as well."

Ryan gave the order to Merlin to give Femradiel that class. Even if she was just offering support right now, eventually, those skills will come in handy during battles, even if she doesn't manage to make them level up all that much. In any case, Femradiel didn't want to say that, but she was a bit disappointed. She thought Ryan would change a little bit and look more embarrassed after the previous night. She was, in fact, looking really forward to see that. However, Ryan didn't change all that much. The only thing that changed was his air. He had recovered his confidence back and was acting like he didn't have any other choice but to win against those three enemies. While that was nice in itself Regardless, Femradiel was forced to forget about that because she felt some presence suddenly appearing in Cairo.

"I am going outside for a bit, our new allies showed up, and I want to check what Isis, Athena, and Loki are planning in how to train our troops," Femradiel said and then passed Soul Eater to Ryan. "This has a lot of mana since I didn't use it in the last few days."

"Thanks, see you later," Ryan said.

The mana was good, and all, but Ryan was thinking that getting stronger together would be for the best. Was he getting too clingy? Was he like that in the past? He couldn't remember. Nevertheless, the conversation they had also made Ryan's mind fresher and gave him some new ideas.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Diehard!

You obtained the following skills: Enhanced Recovery, Augmented Recovery, and Heroic Recovery

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Enhanced Recovery.

Effect: It passively increases your recovery by twenty points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Augmented Recovery.

Effect: It passively increases your recovery by forty points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Recovery.

Effect: It passively increases your recovery by sixty points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Wow, there is really a class that increases only recovery with all its skills..." Ryan said, surprised. "Well, it is time to make them work."

----- -----

While Ryan was training, all the leaders of the camps were reuniting in Isis' castle. Everyone imagined that Ryan and Femradiel would show up, but only Femradiel appeared. While they didn't have many creatures or humans fighting for them. They were a force that all the members present recognized.

"Where is Ryan?" Isis asked.

"Training and he won't stop anytime soon," Femradiel said.

Isis recognized why he was doing that. Truth to be told, she wanted to increase her strength too, but Isis recognized the fact that the strength of the group wouldn't increase all that much if she focused only on herself. On the other hand, maybe Ryan can do that. After all, he had been fighting impossible fights since the very beginning and won almost every single time. Despite that, he didn't truly reach his true potential. One of the things that comprised that was the fact that he only had a few skills at the max level.

"Regarding the training of all of our troops, I asked Hypnos, and he said that he can use the Void World on a few thousand people again," Isis replied. "We will use his power to train most members of our alliance. Femradiel can also use that skill and make time flow faster there, but the more people she summons to her Void World, the more she will have to use, and the fewer times she will keep the spell active. So, I think it will be best if she summons the Holy Knights. I am of the belief that they will be essential to defeating Lucifer. What do you think?"

"It seems like the best way to divide our forces, that will give the angels an edge above the others, but will their forces be enough to stop that demon?" Zeus asked. "It would be a waste if they receive a better treatment only to fail at the end."

"We will not fail," Michael said after raising his chin.

"Putting so many people that don't know each other in the same place wouldn't work, regardless," Yahiko said. "I believe that is also for the best."

"I don't have anything against that either," Gustavo said. "However, what about Ryan? He can use that spell as well, right?"

"Well, you people who know him know how intense he can be, so trying to use his Void World might be pretty dangerous," Isis said. "Nevertheless, I don't think he will refuse to train with those he already knows."

"That should work," Lucas said. "The leaders of each camp also need to show that they are improving to raise the morale of our armies."

"With that in mind, I am planning to see how much progress we can make in a month," Isis said. "In order for that to happen, we need to assume defensive stances in our domains. Can you stop your activities outside your domains for that long?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1