Chapter 936: Unlucky

Chapter 936: Unlucky

One month was a pretty long time. The leaders of each camp had to clear the regions in the area to prevent monsters from increasing their territory. Some of them even had to cultivate lands and kill monsters for their meat, after all.

"Why one month?" Alissa asked.

"One month isn't a shor period, but isn't that long either," Isis replied. "The demons should know that we are planning something, but taking our time will make them realize that we aren't confident in our preparations. That will make them drop their guards, once that happens, we will swiftly defeat the four remaining demon generals if we all agree that we have enough strength to do that and face the next three."

"One month should be plenty enough time if we use Void World," Daniel said. "If thousands of survivors use Mana Stealer on the same enemy at the same time, I would bet that we can stop any creature."

"We can be optimistic, but we can't get careless," Isis said. "Make your soldiers train those three skills equally because the enemies have their own way to recover their energy and they had thousands of years to train that and think of countermeasures against this sort of tactic."

"I think it would be wise if we were to pass our blessings to some of the strongest humans," Odin said. "That won't decrease our powers and it will increase humanity's potential. Some of us may think that it is too dangerous, but we don't have that much leeway. We should at least pass the blessings to the strongest members of our camps."

Most of the elder gods had at least a few thousand followers, and while only a handful of them could afford their powers, none of the elder gods had passed their real powers to them. The reason was the fact that Ryan defeated Poseidon before any of them could return to Earth. That put them on alert there was no telling if their followers would stay loyal if they received that much power.

After hearing Odin's proposal, a few of the elder gods nodded. As expected, they didn't like the idea of giving their powers that easily to others. Humans had to prove their worth. The problem was the fact that they didn't have time to test humans all that much.

"It seems few of us are on favor of that," Odin said. "Since that is the case, I want to hear the opinion of the elder gods here of how we should deal with Ymir and Chronus."

Once again, silence covered the place. No one had a clear plan on how to defeat those two. In fact, not even the angels had a plan in how to deal with Lucifer. They just were planning to use their numbers and the fact that their powers were like poison on him.

"Femradiel, what do the pendragons think of this alliance?" Isis asked. "I was planning to negotiate with them, the mithril they have. I know some of the elder gods are already working to craft better weapons for themselves, but even common soldiers will need weapons of that level to become effective against the next enemies."

"I talked with them yesterday and they weren't that pleased with it," Femradiel said. "They were pretty nervous around me. I am sure they are thinking that we changed sides and are planning to attack them."

"I guess that is to be expected. Nevertheless, I will negotiate with them alone to obtain some mithril," Isis said. "Perhaps if we use Loki's herbs to negotiate, they will feel more comfortable around us."

"Well, I certaintly don't feel comfortable on seeing you deciding that without consulting me first," Loki frowned.

"We already know that you are using those to obtain mithril from them," Athena said. "There is no point in trying to hide from us."

"Are you spying on me? From whom you got such a bad habit?" Loki asked while faking some surprise.

" Putting that aside," Isis said after a long sigh. "I am also going to distribute the elunium and oridecon I have been stocking as of late. We will need to upgrade even the gear made of mithril. Mostly, the defensive gear. You all should prepare your troops for that. For the time being, that is all. That being said, I want to hold meetings like this periodically to check all the progress we make."

"Are you sure? This takes too much time," Loki shrugged.

"You talk as if you were even here," Odin said.

"As expected of the almighty Odin, I can't really fool your eye, can I?" Loki smiled.

"Divide your troops wisely, and tell them to stay on the right places at the right time for their training sessions," Athena said. "We need to use our time wisely and we can't waste it by organizing our troops every single day."

After hearing that, everyone nodded, and then they began to leave the palace. At first, the leaders and their soldiers felt uneasy moving around and then appearing in certain domains. Those who had bad memories regarding Hypnos looked particularly troubled. After telling Ryan that she had to go to Israel for a while, Femradiel left as well and around that time. A group of slightly troublesome people appeared where Ryan was. Even in the Void World, he felt their presence. So, Ryan canceled the spell and then found Daniel and his team, Gustavo and his Team, Yahiko, and Natasha.

"So, I drew the short stick, huh" Ryan said and then facepalmed.

"Don't be like that, it will be faster if those who can use Draconic Transformation train with others that can use the same skill," Gustavo said.

While that was true, Ryan was trying to attain a whole new level of training. One that costs a lot of mana, but that can be even more effective than that. Nevertheless, he summoned them to his Void World. That big group felt slightly troubled that Ryan summoned them to that world without putting any effort, and they didn't even have the chance to resist. That being said, training with someone stronger was much better.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1