Chapter 938: Study

Chapter 938: Study

While Ryan was thinking of ways to speed up once again his training, he had to stop when he heard a massive impact in the distance. His Void World was fifty kilometers wide and large, but even though he was on one side of the space and the others were on the side, he still could hear them. When Ryan turned around, he saw Daniel and Gustavo sparring. That being said, when they punched each other, the air vibrated around them, and small lightning bolts appeared. The others were supposed to be training, but they couldn't help but watch the fight since Daniel couldn't use Draconic Transformation, and yet, he could fight on equal terms with those that could.

"At least, they are smart enough not to use their weapons," Ryan said.

Since his problem now was mana, Ryan couldn't see any sense in watching them spar. After all, they were two muscle heads that couldn't see that the efficiency of their training was severely lacking.

"Maybe I am seeing this the wrong way," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I am not mage, so I shouldn't try to solve the problem of mana like one."

Ryan was an archer, so he had to solve his problems like one. However, he had already tried that. That was why he got so many passive skills that increased his mana recovery. Considering his fighting style, the better way to recover mana was by leveling up Magic Bow and upgrade Spiritualist's Crossbow. The problem was those skills had been countered many times in the past. While the bolts that could drain mana could decrease the effects of all defensive spells, Ryan wouldn't recover any unless he hits the enemy directly.

"Come to think of it if I attack using my usual style alongside Time Skip, will I recover mana if I use magic copies of the Spiritualist's Crossbow?" Ryan asked himself. "I guess it is worth testing it."

Ryan summoned some golems and then tested that theory. He actually draining their mana as he attacked however, since he used mana as well, aside from using Time Skip, he still didn't notice any difference.

"Let's see If I use Magic Upgrade and Soul Creation to pass the knowledge of Soul Stealer to the Spiritualist's crossbow" Ryan said as he tried to improve the weapon.

Spiritualist's Crossbow (+ 56)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty mana points that will drain 280 points your foes mana and recover yours.

Dexterity + 660, Intelligence + 320

Durability: 650/650

Naturally, Ryan succeeded and then made his attacks while using Time Skip drain more mana per second. However, before trying to improve that, Ryan found another barrier. Even though Time Skip granted him the power to skip certain steps when he attacks, the steps were still taken, and he could see the projectiles being blocked when he assimilated the experience and used some Skeleton Wizards as test subjects.

"I knew it wouldn't be so simple" Ryan said and then sighed. "I need to find a way to make my arrows and bolts hit the target no matter what."

Ryan recalled Gungnir it was a weapon that granted Odin the power to ignore all types of defensive spells. At first, he had imagined that it was a weapon that had been created using the power of time manipulation. Still, once Ryan confirmed that even his attacks could be blocked while Time Skip was working, he noticed that it wasn't the case.

"Maybe I should talk with Odin about this, the question is: will he explain to me the secret behind his most trusted weapon?" Ryan asked.

Odin had all the reasons not to. He considered Ryan too dangerous since he could use Corruption and Divine energy. Not to mention, Ryan didn't give back Gugnir. Odin seemed like a reasonable elder god, but even his patience has limits.

While that problem was making Ryan feel a terrible headache, he couldn't give up on it. Suppose he manages to make all his attacks be unblockable. In that case, his power will reach a whole new level, and he will be able to train Time Skip and his archery skills at the same time.

Ryan didn't stop his training, but he kept thinking about that non-stop. Unfortunately, he didn't find a solution to that problem. It was only natural since that was basically a knowledge that only the elder god that had the title of Magic God possessed. It was something that someone who lived only for twenty-three years couldn't grasp that easily.

"Merlin, you said that you can quantify skills and turn them into classes," Ryan said. "Can you quantify Odin's power to hit everything with Gungnir?"

"Maybe, if you give me a few decades to study his memories and battle experience," Merlin replied.

"A few decades? We can't wait not even a few weeks," Ryan said.

"What did you expect? Do you think that I can analyze the knowledge and battle experience he gained over thousands of years in an instant?" Merlin asked. "Are you that stupid? Is your brain okay?"

"... You are really annoying as of late," Ryan said after a long sigh.

Now that he thought about it, Ryan realized that he was naive. It was too much to expect that Merlin would be able to do things like that.

After a while, Femradiel showed up and she seemed pretty exhausted for some reason. Ryan thought that among all the groups, the soldiers working with the four Angels would be the easiest to work with, but that was just his assumption.

"What are you trying to do with Odin's spear?" Femradiel asked when she saw Ryan studying the weapon.

"I am trying to learn how he can make all his attacks hit the target," Ryan replied. "If I don't have to worry about having my arrows and bolts being blocked, I will cause much more trouble to the enemies."

"Ah, come to think of it, my father could do that," Femradiel said. "Didn't he learn that from you, Merlin?"

"I didn't come from the future like you, so I can't say," Merlin replied.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1