Chapter 939: Drastic Measures

Chapter 939: Drastic measures

Speaking of Arthur, Ryan realized that he didn't come. He wanted to see the kid develop his full potential as a warrior, but he couldn't exactly force him to train near him. He was probably with Mia and Zoe, training on Hypnos Void World.

"So, a mage managed to learn that" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I suppose that is to be expected. Still, if I only learn the basics, I just want to make my arrows hit no matter what. I don't need to learn how to make magic hit as well."

"I won't be able to help you there," Femradiel said. "Half of the things my father told me about magic, I couldn't understand. That being said, Aphrodite's power is relatively similar to that, it can hit the targets with an scary precision and it is basically impossible to block since it isn't an attack that uses mana."

"If my arrows weren't made of mana, I wouldn't be able to create them," Ryan said. "Even if I use ordinary arrows I guess I need another source of energy, just like Aphrodite uses love."

Maybe an attack that uses health or stamina no, that probably wouldn't work since those types of energy were quite connected to mana. Ryan heard of Femradiel's fight with Aphrodite, so he couldn't hope to copy either of them. It seemed that Ryan was going to be forced to take the highway again

"What kind of energy exist there outside from mana corruption and divine?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully while thinking about those sources of power. "I can't say that I had seen the elder gods using divine energy in it's pure form to attack not to mention, I always thought it was something that couldn't be used alone can I use either of them?"

Based on his experience, those sources of powers were more connected to his spirit and his will to live than anything else. Elder gods could cause Damage using divine energy because all their attacks naturally contain it. As for corruption, Ryan could use it when he is about to lose his mind. However, it isn't like mana that decreases the more you use it. It is the reverse. It grows stronger and more efficient the more you try to use it.

"Hey, Belphegor," Ryan said after he summoned the crossbow in which the demon was sealed. "How do you guys control your corruption?"

"The same way humans control their lungs to breath," Belphegor replied.

"We don't control it, it is an automatic process," Ryan said.

"The same can be said about us," Belphegor said. "The only one who can use corruption the way you are asking is Lucifer."

Ryan was suspended as much. He probably used a high level of the skills the demons used to corrupt monsters become corrupt in order to make monsters and humans become dragons. Regardless, that was troublesome.

"How can I be sure that you aren't lying? Maybe I should be you and Lilith alone in the real world," Ryan said. "She seems really displeased with you, so that might be interesting."

"That won't change the fact that only Lucifer can do that and he never had any reason to explain to us how he can do that," Belphegor said. "... That being said, I would be thankful if you don't put me and Lilith together. I am even willing to help you a little bit to prevent that."

"How so?" Ryan asked.

"I will let you use my mana when you use this crossbow," Belphegor replied.

Deceleration Crossbow (Cursed) (Mythological)

Effect: It grants you the power to fire bolts that decrease the movement and reaction speed of the target while It also causes Damage. This weapon doesn't need mana to be used and can cause ten percent more Damage against demon generals.

Dexterity + 2400, Intelligence +1200, Speed + 1200

Durability: 1200/1200

"Well, this is pretty good," Ryan said.

"If you keep using my mana, my power inside you will grow stronger as well," Belphegor said.

"This is pretty convenient weirdly convenient," Ryan said. "Are you planning on taking over my body?"

"And do what afterward? My life now is pretty good, I don't have to do anything and no one bothers me," Belphegor said.

The demon was so lazy that he actually liked the prison. Nevertheless, Ryan had the confidence to prevent Belphegor from doing anything if he tried. While he doesn't use many skills of the Sloth Lord class, Ryan will welcome those level-ups and the chance to attack without using mana.

"It seems you obtained power in an unexpected way," Femradiel said. "I will try to force Lilith to do the same, but that might take some time. Nevertheless, you didn't find the answer you were looking for. What now?"

"I will keep trying to find an answer, if the worst comes to the worst, I can always try to talk with Odin, or perhaps Loki, he might have some ideas," Ryan said. "Either way, you should also try to increase your powers as well. Do you have anything in mind regarding that?"

"Just like you, I am trying to improve my mana recovery by relying on Aphrodite and Lilith powers, I suppose that is the best thing that I can do for now," Femradiel replied. "Once I can recover all my mana instantly, I will take the next step."

Ryan had forgotten about that, but Femradiel was getting considerably stronger while she used the Void World. After all, it was a skill that they gained after defeating Hypnos and consumed tons of mana. Considering that she had been using that for the past month nonstop, it was probably about to evolve.

In any case, while Femradiel could use the same skills as him, she was initially a mage. So just using her mana will make her stronger with that in mind, Ryan felt even eager to improve as well, but if he doesn't find the answer that he needs he will have to take some drastic measures.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1