Chapter 932: Allies

Chapter 932: Allies

In the end, Ryan couldn't even complain. He only wanted some tips, not someone to solve the entire situation for him. Not to mention, the last year had been too intense, and Merlin's creator probably fought for a lot longer.

Although it has been a while since he had been there, Ryan managed to cross the barrier of Yahiko's domain without any issue. He probably had heard that Ryan was working with some elder gods. Still, even so, he assumed that Ryan would never return as an enemy. The domain had grown quite a lot. It covered the entire Tokyo and several dozens of kilometers around the capital. Naturally, Yahiko noticed when Ryan entered his domain and Teleported to welcome him.

"It has been a while, Ryan," Yahiko said. "I was beginning to think that you have forgotten your old friends."

"I just have been busy, but now I have some free time and the safety to move around the world," Ryan said. "That being said, the situation didn't improve as I had expected."

"I can imagine," Yahiko said. "Well, let's talk in my office. I can guess what has happened and what you are doing here, but we can't skip certain steps."

After teleporting to Yahiko's office, Ryan gave him a brief summary of the last events. In the end, he wasn't surprised. After all, only a stronger enemy could make people that tried to kill each other work together. However, the enemy wasn't just one It was three.

"At this point in time, it would be stupidity to refuse this alliance," Yahiko said. "Not to mention, considering that you think that is the right thing to do and you are way stronger than me now, there is not a single doubt in my head."

"Thanks, but being praised by men doesn't make me happy," Ryan said. "Regardless, with Checkpoint, you don't have to worry about leaving your domain for too long and notify the possible enemies."

"That is right it is quite useful to have so many powerful beings on your side," Yahiko said. "Hopefully, once this is all over, we can finally have peace."

"We can only hope," Ryan said. "Anyway, Isis will eventually come and talk to you about the specifics, so you should inform your people about the alliance."

"I will. See you later," Yahiko said.

Ryan used Teleport again and then appeared above Natasha's camp. He had been there a few months ago, but he didn't find a domain when he had been there. However, now he could see a pretty large one it seemed that Natasha got stronger and received a domain stone. It didn't take long for Ryan to find Natasha, though. He just had to use Telepathy, and then she appeared. Much to Ryan's surprise, she was pregnant.

"Good to see you, Ryan," Natasha showed a radiant smile. "You look good."

"So do you in any case, it seems you have been doing well," Ryan said. "You even had some time to work on repopulating the planet? Who was the lucky bastard?"

"Someone you don't know," Natasha said. "Anyway, are you in a hurry? I have heard some reports, and your friends contacted me a few times, but"

That conversation would be complicated. Ryan wanted to ask Natasha to join the alliance and fight with them, but how could he ask a pregnant woman to fight? Unfortunately, if they fail, just staying behind won't keep Natasha protected.

"Don't worry, Ryan. I am an archer, remember?" Natasha asked. "Pregnancy didn't make me any weaker. It only makes me hungrier."

Ryan could only smile after hearing that. Although Natasha looked more beautiful, she sure gained a few pounds here and there. Regardless, while they were walking around the camp, Ryan also gave her a summary of the last events. However, Natasha more or less knew that he had an agreement with the elder gods since they disappeared and then reappeared. However, she couldn't help but force a smile when she heard about Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer.

"Life isn't getting any easy, huh, Ryan," Natasha said. "We managed to endure the actions of billions of monsters and the elder gods, but what now?"

"We keep struggling as long as it is necessary," Ryan said. "I don't know any other way to live my life after the last year."

"I suppose that is our only option, but I have a bad feeling about this," Natasha said.

"Well, don't spread this information, but the leaders of all groups more or less are feeling the same way," Ryan said. "That is why they are so cooperative. There is also the fact that everyone accepts the fact that Femradiel is from the future rather easily."

"Is that so" Natasha said while holding her chin. "Well, I guess we have to work really hard to make this feeling disappear."

Ryan offered a handshake to Natasha and then passed her the knowledge of Skill Bestowal, Health Stealer, Mana Stealer, and Stamina Stealer. He should have done the same to Yahiko, but he forgot.

"Use this to convince the people of this alliance," Ryan said. "It should be enough to make your opinion heavier than the other two."

Ryan forgot about their names, but he recalled that there was a man and a woman who were the leaders of Russia alongside Natasha. He was pretty sure that they were alive, but Ryan didn't want to waste time with them.

"You reached a point where you can do this so easily, huh," Natasha said, visibly surprised. "You really are something else. If I use this, I am sure that I can lure them to work in the alliance without causing any problems."

"Good, Isis will eventually come here and connect your domain to our base, so don't be surprised," Ryan said. "I will see you later."

Natasha nodded and waved her hands while she said goodbye to Ryan. She was quite something, she had more reasons than Ryan to be afraid, but she didn't consider even for a moment the possibility of not joining the alliance. That made Ryan realize several things

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1