Chapter 933: No Matter What

Chapter 933: No matter what

When Ryan returned to Egypt, it was already dark, and most of its inhabitants were already sleeping. However, Ryan found Loki, Athena, and Isis in the palace waiting for him.

"Thanks for your hard work," Isis said. "I am guessing that you convinced Japan and Russia to join us."

"It isn't like they had any other option," Ryan shrugged. "The next big battle will decide the fate of the whole planet. So, it is only natural that they would want to fight alongside us."

"Those who work with the friends of Alissa in China also think the same way," Isis said. "While we increase our strength, the others will eventually flock to our group. Alissa's presence alone already increased that group strength, and several thousand humans joined her group in the last few weeks, so I am sure we will be able to make the whole world fight alongside us."

"Well, we don't have to pay to be positive," Ryan said. "Anyway, it seems things will get hectic from tomorrow onward, so I am going to sleep for a while."

After saying that, Ryan left the palace and returned to his room. It was about time for him to leave the hospital room, but he headed there since he got used to that place. In the end, Ryan finds Femradiel in his bed, but he is already used to it. Since she was pretending to be asleep, Ryan decided to mess with her a little bit. He jumped in the bed and then hugged her from behind Femradiel had a really good smell. Ryan couldn't help but wonder how he didn't notice that before.

"... Who are you and what you did to Ryan?" Femradiel suddenly opened her eyes and then asked.

"Your acting skills need some work," Ryan said.

"Did something happen? This isn't like you," Femradiel said.

"Not really," Ryan said. "I just confirmed that we aren't the only ones who don't have a good feeling about this next battle. So, I decided to be a bit nicer to you, more than usual."

"More than usual? That was a good one," Femradiel laughed. "Well, the enemies this time are creatures that make even the elder gods worry, so it is only natural that we are a bit more tense than usual."

"So, you are nervous too," Ryan said.

"Not to the point that would make me act weirdly like you," Femradiel said. "However, I am a bit more confident. I am much stronger than before when Lucifer defeated me and turned me into a Cursed Dragon, and with the allies we have, our chances are pretty good."

"Is that so" Ryan said.

Ryan wished that Femradiel's words had been enough to pass him some courage, but it hadn't been. Ryan will try hard to obtain more power and to win in the end, but he knows that he will need something else to push him forward, to force him to do whatever it takes to win. He needed to give himself the motive to keep going Just winning to survive wasn't enough. He needed to win to have a better life after the battle.

Much to Femradiel's surprise, Ryan hugged her tightly and then kissed her neck. That made her ears get hot, just like all the rest of her body. Since she had Aphrodite and Lilith power, Femradiel knew what Ryan was thinking, but it was hard to believe that he would change his mind and act like that so suddenly.

"Not like I am complaining, but what has gotten into you?" Femradiel asked.

"It is nothing. I just want to reward you for being at my side this whole time while I can," Ryan said. "I don't want to look back one day and see that I threw away so many chances like this one."

"Wow, you really are nervous to think that you are thinking that we will die when we face those three I am speechless," Femradiel said. "Since you are not that negative and you are pretty stubborn, we can assume that your instincts are the ones forcing you to feel like this."

Ryan har imagined that. Until now, his instincts never bothered him so much. If he didn't have any chances against the elder gods, his instincts would have warned, and yet every time Ryan thinks about the fight, he gets that feeling like something is stuck in his throat.

"Well, if all this power that we obtained won't make you feel confident, then I will give you something that will," Femradiel turned around and then kissed Ryan.

Her soft and sweet lips made Ryan forget about that anxiety. For a moment, Ryan even forgot about all the life and death situations of the last year. It has been a while since he felt like that, but Ryan sure missed them while he tried to keep those feelings away. The softness of Femradiel's breast on his hands was what delivered the final hit and destroyed all the barriers that Ryan had set to keep his cool. Dragon Slayer was standing like never before, and it wanted action like never before.

Although they didn't have exactly much privacy in that room, Femradiel didn't hesitate in destroying her and Ryan's clothes with her bare hands. She sure was savage, and she showed that much more intensely afterward.

Truth to be told, it seemed that Ryan had lost his skills after living one year like a soldier in a never-ending war, but in the end, Femradiel took the reins of everything. When the first round ended, Ryan rested a little bit on Femradiel's soft embrace. She was so soft, and she smelled so good, and her boobs were a g-cup. She was always there for him, she prevented him from doing stupid things, and she made him leave his past behind Ryan didn't want to let her go. She was perfect and he will make sure that they enjoy many moments like that. No matter what...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1