Chapter 937: Death Mage

Chapter 937: Death Mage

At first, everyone wanted to spar with Ryan, but once he made a quick demonstration of what he wanted to train, they gave up on it. Gustavo was the sturdiest among his group, so he offered himself to spar with Ryan first, and he even used Draconic Transformation. However, Ryan didn't even move from his spot. Instead of that, he used Time Skip level twenty with the intention of punching him. Once that happened, Gustavo suddenly flew to the distance as his face was suddenly hit by something that neither of them had the chance to feel. Since he was the sturdiest, Gustavo managed to stay conscious, but his face got so swollen that he was having a hard time keeping his left eye open.

"What was that?" Gustavo asked, visibly astonished.

"The skill is called Time Skip, it grants me the power to skip certain events in reality," Ryan said. "For example, I decided to punch you a few times and the skill made that happen without me actually punching you."

"I don't get it" Gustavo said, frowned.

Based on Ryan's explanation, Fernanda explained to Gustavo and the others who didn't understand what had happened. He was pretty good at explaining things, but Fernanda was pretty good at that.

"So he can attack without having to attack?" Gustavo frowned. "Isn't that too weird? Where in the hell did you get that power?"

"It isn't, if you can control time to certain extent," Ryan said. "Any of you can have that class, you just have to pay me half billion coins."

"Half billion? Where did you get so many?" Gustavo asked.

"From defeating Zeus, Thor, and killing millions of monsters," Ryan said.

"Can't you just use Skill Bestowal to pass the knowledge of the skill?" Daniel asked.

"No, I tried with Femradiel, but apparently, this class gives you a certain amount of divinity, so it isn't a skill that you can learn like that," Ryan replied.

Ryan also tried to create magic items using that skill and Soul Creation. Still, it seemed that both skills were at a low level, so Ryan couldn't control the divine energy all that well to make a magic item. It wasn't supposed to be impossible to make an object have that kind of power. After all, Chronus' Ring exists.

"Anyway, I want to focus on that for the time being, so you guys should spar against each other," Ryan said. "Whil you all don't know each other very well, you are all goody-two-shoes. I am sure you will get along."

Truth to be told, Ryan wanted to use Golden Arrows on everyone to gain massive amounts of coins, but that wouldn't make them much stronger. Resistance training was pretty good, but the only thing they will level up following that plan would be Pain Resistance.

While they were having a meeting, Ryan confirmed some weaknesses of his current powers. Although he could use Time Skip and make some skills level up like that, he couldn't use skills like Memory Manipulation to make Time Skip level up. The reason for that was the fact that Memory Manipulation didn't have to use any divine energy. On the other hand, Ryan could use the experience he obtains while using Time Skip with Memory Manipulation.

"I wonder if this power will have limitations once I get Time King Class" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Ryan was quite curious about the next class. However, he couldn't obtain that class since he knew Time Lord would be an important foothold for Time King. Ryan had forgotten to train certain skills because he got more exciting skills in the past, so he couldn't repeat that mistake.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Conjurer, Royal Mage, and Hight Priest? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Death Mage. You learned the skills: Bloody Mist, Blood Golem, and Cursed Whispers. Your intelligence and mana have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, stamina, willpower, and recovery have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Bloody Mist

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a mist of blood in a massive area that will cause damage over time on all enemies inside it. The Damage will be equal to the skill level multiplied by two percent of your intelligence per second.

Cost: 2000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Blood Golem

Effect: it grants you the power to summon a golem made of blood that can recover from Damage by attacking enemies and draining their blood.

Cost: 10.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Cursed Whispers

Effect: it grants you the power to make your enemies hear whispers of fake ghosts that will decrease their intelligence, willpower, and mentality over time. The amount of status decrease will be determined by the level of the skill.

Cost: 1000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan had used so much mana in the last few hours that even though he had some archery classes about to reach the max level, three magic classes reached that mark first. Nevertheless, he welcomed a new and very interesting special class.

"This Blood Golem seem like the type which would be useful against massive armies of enemies," Ryan nodded to himself. "I guess it will be useful against the demons, but not after that."

It was a pity, but Ryan didn't have more mana to spend using any other skills. If only Time Skip could level up faster Considering his actual recovery while Draconic Transformation was active, Time Skip will have to reach level six hundred before Ryan can rely on his recovery alone to use that skill all the time, and he was pretty sure he won't be able to do that in just four weeks.

"I suppose I can always accept the fact that and then use the skill anyway, I have a pretty decent mana pool, after all," Ryan said to himself.

In the end, Ryan couldn't accept that he wasn't such a half-assed guy. He would do everything in his power to obtain the power to control time and get close to Chronus' power.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1