Chapter 940: Pride

Chapter 940: Pride

The first few days where all the alliance members worked together passed fast since everyone was busy and nothing major happened. In that meantime, some new faces appeared in Ryan's Void World as well, even though Hypnos and Femradiel's Void World were much more interesting. Those people were Mia, Zoe, Arthur, and several others from the underground base. Ryan finally would be able to see if Arthur had the potential to reach the apex as a warrior just like he did it as a mage. However, they showed up when he was leaving to talk with Loki, Athena, and Isis. As usual, they were in Isis palace monitoring the movements of the demons.

"What 's wrong? Did something happen, Ryan?" Isis asked.

"No, I just came to talk with you guys about divine energy," Ryan said. "I want to make my attacks unblockable like Odin's attacks and I figured that using divine energy is the way to go to do that."

Athena and Isis looked toward Loki. He was probably the only person aside from Odin who knew what one had to do in order to have the power to use unblockable and undodgeable spells. However, no one saw him using that. Athena and Isis were interested in the subject, but they had no idea how to do that.

"Don't look at me like that," Loki said. "That is one of the many things I am interested in learning as well. Just like me, you should try to use your head and solve the mystery, after all, not even Thor can use that kind of ability. The person he trusts most doesn't know the secret of his power, so asking nicely won't work."

Ryan nodded. He had forgotten about that but he also had assumed that he didn't use the same technique because Thor wasn't skilled enough. Odin didn't seem like someone who would hide that thing from his son, so maybe there was another reason for that.

"How do you guys control your divine energy?" Ryan asked. "I feel like I might obtain some clues if I learn how to do that."

"It isn't like I control it, it's just that my divine energy manifests with more strength on our best techniques and skills," Isis replied. "For example, I can create instantly projectiles made of plasma because I sharpened my casting speed to the limits."

"The same thing can be said about my power to understand the abilities of my targets," Athena said. "I practiced hard enough to be able to respond and learn the timing of my opponents in a fight. After doing that for so many times, the chances of failure are basically zero."

Ryan couldn't quite understand that. It seemed that their divine energy worked like a force that would make their skills work as efficiently as possible. While it was weird, it made sense. After all, Odin could use that technique of his with zero chances of failing. Maybe that was his divine energy working.

"I wonder if divine energy is something that turn you guys into creatures that can't fail in what you do and what you excel" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully and then looked at Loki. "What about you, Loki?"

"I don't believe that an unknown force that I can't control is actually helping me," Loki said. "I am of the belief that my amazing brain is what makes me succeed all the time."

"Well, everyone needs to have some confidence," Ryan said. "I guess I will have to try my luck with corruption then."

"Wait," Athena said. "A while ago, I received a message from Artemis and Apollo. It seems that they want to meet you."

"Why and why only now you mentioned that?" Ryan frowned.

"I was wondering why they wanted to talk to you, but then I noticed now that you have a fraction of their powers," Athena explained. "My guess is that they want to confirm with their own eyes if you are worthy of their power."

"Why should I go see them? Just to give them the chance to judge me?" Ryan frowned even more.

"That might happen, but they might also give you a larger potion of their power," Athena said. "You defeated Zeus, so there is no reason for them to think that you are unworthy of their powers."

That was right, but Ryan had a feeling that it would be a pain in the ass. After all, according to mythology, they were gods of archery that competed against each other a lot, and Ryan didn't have time for that. That being said they received the power of two archery gods at the same time even better, they ruled over the sun and moon Ryan didn't know other elder gods that used bows as weapons, so they were the only ones who could help Ryan make his archery reach the next level.

"I guess I am going to see them," Ryan said.

"The Olympian gods are staying in the same world, Zeus' world," Athena said. "So, you will have to use his Checkpoint to meet them. Try not to cause too much trouble to them."

"All right then," Ryan said, and then he stepped on the Checkpoint that connected Isis and Zeus' domain.

When Ryan disappeared, Loki began to tremble while hiding his face, but eventually, he broke into a massive laughter. It was hard to see him laughing like that, but it only showed how much amused he was.

"That guy is great, I love him," Loki said. "He didn't even think twice in going to Zeus domain despite the fact that he caused so much trouble to the Olympian gods and he would be surrounded by them. Is he stupid? Or is he that naive to trust in his allies with his whole heart? Perhaps he is just confident enough that he can fight all of them at the same time."

"It has been a while since you looked so amused," Isis said while showing a slightly troubled expression. "Are you sure this was a good idea?"

"It will be fine, if one thing that the Olympian gods have in excess is their pride," Athena said. "They won't attack an ally, much less when two of them invited him."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1