Chapter 949: Doubt

Chapter 949: Doubt

When Ryan returned to Africa, he found an unpleasant surprise. The demons weren't advancing toward Egypt, and while some of them were moving around and using their magic to corrupt other monsters and increase the size of their army, the vast majority was in the central part of the continent, and they were guarding a domain. Ryan waited for a while for Belial to show up, but the demon never came.

"It seems Belial isn't falling for the bait," Isis said via telepathy. "I didn't expect she would be this careful, but it seems she already noticed that you captured Mephisto and Baal."

"I guess I will have to attack her domain," Ryan said.

"There is no need, if you use the bow in which Lilith was sealed in, it will be enough," Isis said. "Those two hate each other, quite a lot."

While the weapon's effect couldn't be used, it still could cause damage and extra damage against that type of enemy. That being said, Ryan took advantage of the situation. As soon as he summoned the bow, he also bombarded the demons around with Golden Arrows and killed hundreds of them. He could always say later that he was doing it to lure Belial. Unfortunately, he didn't have the time to do that for long. Ryan suddenly lost the ability to fly when at the same time, a red, muscular demon appeared in front of him.

Belial looked like a humanoid red salamander. She even had a long tail that was as long as her body. Unlike Lilith, who used a bikini armor, Belial used a dark one that covered the majority of her body, the whole critical area that was indeed exposed was her head, but also seemed a bit protected since her red hair was also on fire and emitting a lot of heat.

Before Ryan could even fall, he lost his ability to use Golden Arrows as well. He knew that it was only temporary, but that sure was annoying. As if things weren't annoying enough, when Ryan tried to use Time Skip, he suddenly felt his ability to wield the bow getting weird. He tried to Aim, but then he saw that it wasn't as steady as before.

"Fucking bitch she stole my Archery" Ryan muttered.

Ryan used Teleport behind the demon and prepared to attack before the bitch could annoy him even more. It seemed that she was pretty sturdy, but Ryan couldn't care less. He will beat her with his hands.

When the demon saw Ryan moving his arms, she prepared to defend herself. However, in the next moment, her face was bombarded with punches that she couldn't see, and she also lost tons of mana.

Belial fell to the ground while conscious of the shock, and Ryan clenched his teeth because the flames of her head burned him. Before Belial could try to heal herself, Ryan used Time Skip again and this time used the bow. After all, he wouldn't miss at that distance.

In the end, in the next moment, her armor began to crack, and Belial began to bleed from her mouth and nose as well after falling unconscious. Ryan began to feel his skills returning It seemed that Belial's power to steal skills needed her to be conscious to keep active.

"Three down, one to go still, what are we supposed to do here?" Femradiel asked while Ryan was facing the domain barrier. "It will take quite some time to take down the barrier and then the demons."

"It doesn't matter, it will be a good opportunity for the survivors to put Mana Stealer to good use," Ryan said and then created another Checkpoint.

While Ryan decided to do the whole job by himself, he couldn't help but wonder about the fact that things were proceeding too well. The survivors began to appear and then did exactly what Ryan thought. They used Mana Stealer. It was a pretty good opportunity since the mana in the domains was massive.

"Isis, you should tell the elder gods to keep an eye on these places," Ryan said. "Things are proceeding too well and never that is a good sign in my experience."

"They are already doing that, we are monitoring all the battlefields," Isis said. "That being said, it is weird for you to say that after declaring that you would defeat the demon generals by yourself."

That was just Ryan's instincts bothering him as usual, but it was better to keep his allies on guard than just ignore his instincts.

"You should know that the level of divinity in your body is already at the level of the elder gods, adding that to the power of controlling time, it is only natural that the demon generals wouldn't resist for long," Isis explained. "We are quite lucky that Merlin fell on the hands of someone that has no interest in world domination. Otherwise, all the elder gods would have reunited with another goal in mind."

Ryan more or less agreed with that. Maybe the world as a whole was lucky because the other two humans who controlled Merlin didn't have the chance to obtain coins enough to acquire certain skills and classes. What were the chances of Merlin falling into the hands of people like Arthur and Ryan? Perhaps they were pretty high since assholes don't tend to live long lives.

"Did something change in the Beelzebub domain?" Ryan asked. "Come to think of it, I should be able to gain some interesting classes here once the barriers fall."

"Well, things are pretty intense there as usual," Isis said. "There are many more monsters around his domain than in any part of the world. Thanks to that, we are considering giving you the opportunity to clear the place for a while, until he shows up."

Ryan recalled that when he was in Russia, he had to deal with Beelzebub demons. They were weird since they were focused on reproducing more demons, So Ryan could imagine the vast concentration of monsters in that region.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1