Chapter 942: Sun Lord

Chapter 942: Sun Lord

"My apologies, brother," Artemis said. "I know what we agreed, but I made a vow to help all those who decide to live their lives using bows to open their paths."

"So did I, but that doesn't mean that you had to force your power on him," Apollo said.

"There is no need to fight, I would be glad to receive your power as well," Ryan said.

"We never helped the same human with our powers before and it isn't now that we will do that," Apollo said.

"There is a first time for everything, come on don't be shy," Ryan said. "It would be an honor to have the power of the goddess of the moon and the god of the sun with me."

Apollo wasn't naive enough to fall for such cheap praise. That being said, he also wanted to see a good archer using the powers granted by him. He just needed a good reason to do so.

"I will consider that if you manage to hit me a single time with your arrows before I hit you ten times," Apollo said.

As soon as Apollo finished saying that, he felt something cold piercing his shoulders, and then he saw ten ice arrows piercing him slightly. He didn't give the sign, and yet, Ryan had already attacked

"How did you" Apollo asked, shocked.

Apollo tried to understand what had happened looking toward his sister, but Artemis looked equally confused. Neither of them noticed what Ryan had done. However, they had an idea he used time magic to prove that he was the better archer, and tests were useless. Apollo couldn't deny that, but it made him feel very frustrated. How come such a young human could have the skills that surpassed them?

"You don't need my power" Apollo said.

"You can't decide that, well, you can, but I want anyway," Ryan said. "In fact, this is a good opportunity, do any of you know how to fire an unblockable and undodgeable arrow? I want that and Maybe your powers will give me some insight for that technique."

"What a greedy human he barely lived a few decades and wants to reach that level of mastery," Apollo said.

"Unfortunately, we can't teach you what we don't know," Artemis said.

"I guess I will just melt Odin's trident and then make a bow out of it," Ryan said.

"That would be quite something to see," Apollo said. "All right, I will give you my power If you say this to Odin and then show me the memory one day."

"We have a deal," Ryan said.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Sun Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Solar Arrow, Sunlight Blessing, and Solar Absorption.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Solar Arrow

Effect: it grants you the power to fire an arrow made of solar energy that will burn the enemy for ten minutes, causing one percent of your intelligence as Damage per second. Upon impact, the arrow will cause Damage equal to your dexterity and will increase by ten percent per level up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Sunlight Blessing

Effect: it passively increases all of your status based on the phase of the moon. Your status will increase by twenty percent around sunrise and sunset and up to three hundred percent during noon.

You obtained 01 status points.

Solar Absorption

Effect: it grants you the power to absorb energy from the sun. You can restore ten points of mana, health, or stamina per second and according to the level of the skill.

Synergy skill: Eclipse Arrow.

Effect: it grants you the power to summon an arrow that combines the strength of the sun and moon at any period of time. The Damage caused will be equal to the combination of Damage caused by the Lunar Arrow and Solar Arrow.

You obtained 01 status points.

"While you caused a lot of problems to us, we still can respect the will and the determination of a true archer," Artemis said. "Show us that you can reach the level of absolutely mastery."

"You have our powers, so now more than ever, you can't be defeated," Apollo said. "Show to the whole universe that archers are the strongest warriors."

Ryan nodded. Those siblings were quite weird. Although Ryan caused so much trouble for them, they still could afford to cheer for him from the bottom of their hearts as if the past was completely obsolete. Since they had finished their business with Ryan, they disappeared, and so he lost the reason to stay in that world as well. So, he used Checkpoint to return.

"What? Nothing happened? How boring" Loki said.

While Loki seemed bored, Athena and Isis looked relieved. They wanted to trust their allies, but in the end, Loki probably made them imagine the worst.

"It seems you obtained their power, but you don't look satisfied," Athena said.

"They are supposed to be the best archers of this world, but not even they know how to fire unblockable arrows" Ryan said. "I suppose, I will have to invent a new technique or turn Gungnir into a bow."

"I want to be there when you show that to Odin," Loki said.

Ryan shrugged and then left the palace. He had to resume his training and then began to think about what he should do as well. When he returned to his Void World, he noticed that everyone was training at the same time. They finally realized that Ryan had to use a lot of mana to keep the spell working and decided to make good use of it. He wished that he could obtain some inspiration to solve that mystery by sparring against others. Still, in the end, he knew that such a thing was impossible.

"I guess it is impossible for me to use an attack that only has corrupt or divine energy, I am not a mage and far more skilled individuals tried to do the same and failed over the last thousand years," Ryan muttered. "I only have three weeks remaining, so I'd better come up with a better alternative."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1