Chapter 944: Time King

Chapter 944: Time king

Ryan was forced to admit his limits when it came to archery. Firing arrows that couldn't be blocked and dodged were beyond him. Still, if he couldn't make up with the quality of his attacks, he could always keep using quantity. He had been succeeding until now, relying on that, so he might as well keep going. However, before he could truly move on, Ryan tried to find an answer by doing a certain thing.

Congratulations! You received the class Time King. You learned the skills: Reset, Time Weaponization, and Foresight. Your intelligence and mana have increased and will increase by two hundred point points whenever this class level up. Your health, stamina, recovery, and willpower have increased and will increase by one hundred points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Reset.

Effect: It grants you the power to go back in time.

Cost: 100.000 mana per 0.1 seconds

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Time Weaponization.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a weapon that can steal the time of the targets. Each level of the skill will increase by ten seconds the amount of time you can steal from a target. This skill can't increase your lifespan, though. It only grants you the power to drain all the health, mana, and stamina you can recover in that specific time.

Cost: 200.000 mana

Duration: 10 seconds per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Foresight.

Effect: it grants you the power to see the future. The skill level determines how fast you can see the future events, and it increases by one point per second.

Cost: 50.000 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan couldn't help but open his eyes widely now, he could see the future, go back in time, and even steal time from his enemies. While those skills had an absurd cost, they sure were as useful as hell. Unfortunately, he couldn't say if Time Weaponization was a skill that couldn't be blocked. Would that even be useful against beings that have been alive for dozens of thousands of years?

"Merlin, your creator learned those skills? How?" Ryan asked, visibly surprised.

"He lived for a very long time and he also learned a lot from many other people," Merlin replied. "His final enemy wasn't in a hurry and that creature underestimated him and his allies through and through and that gave them the chance to obtain knowledge beyond their limits."

"Wow, I didn't expect you would answer that," Ryan said.

"It doesn't matter, as long as I doesn't give details, it is fine," Merlin said. "Not to mention, there is no one else in the human race that can take your place. I suppose Arthur in the other timeline would be a more suitable human to become the guardian, but since I know that he failed due to the circunstances, I can only hope that you will succeed."

"Guardian?" Ryan frowned.

"Guaridan of the human race of this universe," Merlin explained. "You already know that my creator is from another universe and he created me to help people in other's universes. He experienced some things similar to you and he knew very well how harsh the journey would be, so that is why he decided to help."

"Is that so it seems that he was one heck of a mage, and with these spells, I can't imagine a decent mage having a hard time protecting the humans," Ryan said.

"And it is for that reason that I want that my master were another mage you are too nave," Merlin said. "While he had these powers, he and his friends only managed to buy time with those."

"Is that so how they succeeded in the end?" Ryan asked.

"That I cannot tell," Merlin said.

"So, they managed to obtain powers even beyond this? Can I obtain the classes that will teach me that?" Ryan asked.

"Nope," Merlin replied. "While I am here to help, I am not your babysitter, nor was my creator someone who believed that a spoiled human could become the guardian of this universe. He had powers beyond the system, but he didn't put it in my database. He offered help, but ultimately, he wanted to see other guardians breaking their limits like he did to do the impossible."

It was hard to talk about things without knowing the details Nevertheless, Ryan once more confirmed that he wouldn't learn anything useful by talking about Merlin's creator. It was time to move on and think of better ways to use those new powers.

Ryan soon learned that even those overpowered skills had their weakness. Reset could make him go back in time. However, by moving back in time, he couldn't actually undo the things he did in the future. So, using all the mana he had, Ryan could go back in time 0.4 seconds, but he wouldn't return to a point where his mana was full. Not to mention, if he were wounded, he wouldn't heal.

Time Weaponization could create anything, swords, bows, spears those weapons didn't have a physical form since they were made of time energy. Thanks to that, they couldn't be blocked, but they couldn't cause damage either. They only stole time from the enemies, and those effects could only take place once for every second. At level max, the skill will grant Ryan the power to take three hours of the lifespan of a target, but it would take a while to reach that level considering the cost of the skill.

As for Foresight, Ryan could actually see the future. However, the future was constantly changing, so his future might change if he changed his mind somewhere. Since he couldn't see that far ahead in the future, the skill wasn't that useful yet

"I guess the key is in Time Weaponization," Ryan nodded to himself. "I need to create a bow that uses time magic, can have the effects of that skill, but that can also cause damage no wonder I obtained Wolf's Greed."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1