Chapter 943: Forgemaster

Chapter 943: Forgemaster

In the end, two weeks passed, and Ryan didn't make any progress in that aspect. While Time Skip leveled up a lot and Ryan also made a lot of progress on his ability to recover mana, he still wasn't satisfied.

"You are getting on edge again," Feramdiel said when she suddenly appeared and saw in Ryan's eyes that he hadn't slept in days. "You are not fighting solo anymore, so you don't have any reason to think that you need to solve all of the world's problems."

"I am not, I am just trying to become stronger and more effective," Ryan said. "I already found two answers, but I guess I can't accomplish neither of them. At least not in the way I want."

"That is impressive, what do you think you should do to be able to fire unblockable arrows?" Femradiel asked. "Truth to be told, I have been thinking about that and nothing came to mind."

"The simplest way would be to kill Lucifer as fast as possible and gain a portion of his powers, that should give me a hint to control corruption," Ryan replied. "The other would be to be able to manipulate time and attack enemies in a specific point in time where their defensive spells are not active."

" Putting the first plan aside, the second seems like something that would only be possible for the most talented mage in the universe," Femradiel said. "I made some progress compared to my past shelf, but I am not at the level of my father I suppose even him would need a few decades to master something like that."

"I agree with that, after all it would be the same as trying to alterate the past without destroying the future," Ryan nodded. "I guess I will just have to give up."

While only two weeks passed in reality, almost five months had passed in Ryan's Void World. The same amount of time had passed in Hypnos' and three times more than that had passed on Femradiel's. Ryan knew that was a difficult problem to solve. Still, he didn't think that he wouldn't be able to think of even a few plausible ways to do that without considering messing with the fabric of time and space.

Where he stands now, Ryan could see three paths ahead of him. The first would be to talk with Odin and offer his spear back in the place of the knowledge of how to attack and not worry about being blocked. However, Ryan knew that Odin needed Gungnir for that. So, he probably needed the weapon as a catalyst. Even if he obtains the knowledge, he won't be able to put it into practice without the spear. The second option was to assimilate the knowledge and effects of the weapon and hope to obtain a skill. However, Merlin already told him that such a skill doesn't exist. So, he won't learn anything and will lose a useful weapon. The third option would be to use Gungnir as a projectile and fire with his bows.

"We are progressing better than expected, and the demons are expanding their territories, so I am pretty sure Isis will attack them in one week," Femradiel said.

Ryan facepalmed. It seemed that he had put an impossible task on himself. He was so focused on that task that he didn't do anything aside from that in the past few days. He didn't pay attention to Arthur's training and didn't even have some nice times with Femradiel.

"Don't worry, Ryan," Femradiel said and then hugged him from behind. "As usual, your job is to worry endlessly about certain things, but mine is to prevent them from happening. I am sure that in two or in three weeks all of our problems will have vanished and we will have some time for real vacations."

"I guess we will," Ryan smiled.

"Anyway, I am going to help Isis negotiate with the pendragons regarding the mithril that we asked for," Femradiel said. "Try to get some sleep. Seeing things from a fresher perspective might help you."

Ryan nodded and watched Femraidel leave the Void World. Ryan wished that he could sleep, he actually tried, but he failed miserably. Not even his own sleep magic worked against himself anymore. His willpower was that strong

"Unblockable Arrow" Ryan said while he activated Word Creation.

At first, he felt his mana being drained, and something in the shape of an arrow appeared in front of him. But then some sparks appeared, and then the energy dispersed. As expected, Ryan couldn't create something that could ignore the mana of the defensive spells while using mana.

"Perfect Arrow" Ryan said while trying to imagine a perfect arrow and summoning it using Mind Summoning.

In the end, Ryan didn't know the properties of a perfect arrow. So, only a shadow made of darkness appeared before him. Ryan also tried to make copies of Gungnir using both skills, but he failed. If he couldn't understand how the weapon worked, he couldn't replicate its effects.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Holy Knight, Forgemaster, and Pyromancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Forgemaster!

You obtained the following skills: Perfection, Weaponry Research, and Armory Research.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Perfection.

Effect: it grants you the power to increase the number of times you can upgrade an item. You can upgrade it one more time for every five levels of this skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Weaponry Research.

Effect: This skill grants a bonus in the power of one percent per level when creating or upgrading weapons.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Armory Research.

Effect: This skill grants a bonus in the power of one percent per level when creating or upgrading defensive gear.

Ryan even cleared Hephaestus' dungeon in Earth to see if he could understand better the principle of certain magic weapons. Still, in the end, that didn't work either.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1