Chapter 948: Complicated

Chapter 948: Complicated

Ryan wanted to make sure that the whole continent would be free of demons as soon as possible, so he Teleported to South America and then appeared before Mephisto's army. Much like Baal, he wasn't exactly a genius, and since he was the demon of wrath, his demons looked like mad dogs that attacked everything that seemed full of life. Trees, grass, the ocean they attacked everything, and thanks to that, half of South America had become a land of death. Everything had been scorched due to fire, poison, and Corruption. Seeing all that, Ryan clenched his teeth in anger... those demons sure knew how to piss him off, even involuntarily.

Thanks to Ryan's presence, the demons were forced to stop their advance. Ryan agreed that he wouldn't attack them and would let to his allies, but the story might change if he is attacked first. While he was looking forward to that, Mephisto appeared before him. More than a demon, Mephisto looked like an alien from a b movie. His whole body was green, but he had pointy ears and three horns. On his back, he had two pairs of grey wings. He had the lower body of a bull, and he also looked strong like one, but his upper body was quite human-like.

"You" Mephisto said while glaring at Ryan with his dark round eyes.

"You guys should learn how to greet others using different words," Ryan frowned. "I don't expect much from any of you, but..."

Without wasting time, Ryan used Time Skip and also bombarded Mephisto with bolts of the Deceleration Crossbow. In the blink of an eye, his body was ripped into many pieces. However, just like Baal, the demon didn't fall. Even more annoying the Baal, the pain made Mephisto's anger increased, and his body became larger. He became more powerful with his anger, and his body also began to heal.

"I really wanted this power But I guess I will have to be patient," Ryan said.

Ryan could have attacked the demon while his body was growing. Still, he wanted to see how powerful Mephisto could become. In the end, it seemed that five times was his limit. Ryan concluded that because his body became five times bigger.

Mephisto summoned that massive sphere of poison and then threw it toward Ryan in the blink of an eye, but the same sphere gained a hole as soon as it approached Ryan. Despite his wrath, Mephisto noticed that Ryan's power couldn't be compared to before. In fact, he couldn't even understand what he was doing. It would be different if Ryan were attacking with Time Weaponization. Still, without that and Time Perception, it was impossible to know when someone uses time magic.

Congratulations! The skill Time Skip has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Time Skip has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Time Skip has leveled up.

"Well, this is surprising" Ryan said.

Ryan had to use the full power of Time Skip alongside the Deceleration Crossbow. In an instant, Mephisto suffered two minutes' worth of attacks that he didn't have the chance to block, and he still didn't lose consciousness. That helped Ryan level up the skill quite a lot, but it also made him realize that his powers didn't grow all that much.

"This is good and bad at the same time" Ryan said. "The power to control time is powerful, but it can be fought against like he did. On the other hand, this also showed me that I didn't have enough time to master it."

Mephisto's anger prevented him from falling since it made him stronger. Still, eventually, it also made him fall because his body overheated. Getting five times stronger truly was his limit.

"How are we going, Merlin?" Ryan asked while he used Void world on Mephisto as well."

"If you don't make them fight for a while, I won't be able to analyze anything," Merlin replied.

Ryan nodded. It seemed that he would have to fight the demon's generals without using time magic to give Merlin the data that he wanted. That was actually good. It means that the more he fights them, the faster the analyzes will proceed. Regardless, the demons began to riot when Ryan captured their leader. Still, before they could attack Ryan, he did the same as before. He teleported to the ground and then created a link between Egypt and that region. This time, Lucas and Gustavo's soldiers were the ones who showed up.

"Oh, man it seems we have a lot of clean up to do," Gustavo said while looking at that massive horde of monsters in front of him.

"Look on the bright side, if we gain enough coins after this, we can ask Ryan for that power as well," Lucas smiled.

"Hehe, now I am motivated," Gustavo said and then used Draconic Transformation and flew toward the demons.

"Maybe I should ask for more coins if they receive enough coins to get the Time Lord class," Ryan said. "The house shall receive a part of the money."

"I hate to interrupt, but both of them woke up," Femradiel said. "I can hold them back for a while, but you are the one who wants to use them, right?"

"Go on, I am sure you can take them down as well," Ryan said. "Hey, Merlin, you can start analyzing their powers now."

"That is impossible, I already told you, my existence is attached to yours, I can only see what you see," Merlin explained. "For me to experience what is in the Void World, you need to be there as well."

"You sure are complicated" Ryan said and then sighed.

Before heading toward the next target, Ryan looked at the massive army of demons. He could see dozens of thousands of creatures there he could receive billions of coins if he could kill them, but he couldn't. It was a pity, but he wasn't the only one who needed to get stronger in preparation for the final battle.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1