Chapter 950: Power

Chapter 950: Power

In the end, when he teleported to that part of Russia, Ryan opened his eyes widely. The number of monsters was much higher than he had imagined. It wouldn't be weird if there were hundreds of millions of wasps and weird plants around and they were so clustered together that they seemed like mountains.

"What the hell I thought Natasha's friends were supposed to have camps near this place" Ryan said after he furrowed his eyebrows.

"Apparently, they had to move to other areas because the monsters leveled up too fast and their reproduction speed increased," Isis explained. "We are talking here about what we should do, but it seems we will leave things to you for the time being. We can't send our troops before Beelzebub is dealt with."

"Unless you send the holy knights, I can't imagine any group succeeding in exterminating this many monsters," Femradiel said.

"We are going to send them, so rest assured," Isis said.

"Well things are starting to get noisy here, Ryan," Femradiel said. "Soon, I will be forced to stop feeding Soul Eater with mana."

"You were fighting and doing that?" Ryan frowned.

"I do that all the time," Femradiel said, and he could imagine her shrugging. "Nevertheless, you should prepare yourself because once you come here well, you won't have much peace."

Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he did the right thing. He was planning to use the demons to become stronger, but it would be useless if he lost his mental health. Nevertheless, he had now some leeway with mana, so Ryan made Solar Arrows fall from the sky. Even though the sky was quite cloudy, the arrows fell and burned dozens of wasps and plants at the same time.

You obtained 1111 coins.

You obtained 1111 coins.

You obtained 1111 coins.

As if things weren't good enough, Ryan was recovering more mana than he used that is what that stupid demon gets from making his demons stay close to each other like that. Ryan could easily imagine Beelzebub showing in just a few seconds now that his insects were dying so fast like well, insects. So, Ryan sped up things to make him even more annoyed and for him to gain massive amounts of coins as well.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Fallen Archer, Mad Archer, and Crystal Archer? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Imperial Archer. You learned the skills: Gravity Arrow, Cannon Arrow, and Archer's Will. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by twenty points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Gravity Arrow

Effect: upon hitting the target, it makes them one percent heavier per level for ten seconds.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Cannon Arrow.

Effect: the enhanced version of Power Shot. It grants you the power to charge your arrows with one percent more energy per level. The damage of this skill is equal to Power Shot.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Archer's Will.

Effect: it passively increases your dexterity by one point per level and per minute when fighting without receiving damage.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Oh, yeah those classes were about to level up," Ryan said.

Ryan soon ignored that and kept bombarding the creatures. Still, eventually, he was forced to stop when the air in the area changed, and all the monsters began to emit some kind of pollen. Ryan's first instinct was to move away from it, but the pollen became denser and then reunited in an area. Soon after, Ryan felt a powerful presence in the middle of the pollen cloud. As if its sole purpose was to be absorbed, the pollen began to be absorbed. Little by little, Ryan felt the presence growing stronger.

"I guess I can't let that happen" Ryan said and then used Time Skip.

While Ryan couldn't see Beelzebub yet, he could feel its presence, so missing was nearly impossible. To make sure that he would get rid of the pollen as well, Ryan used Time Skip and Solar Arrow. The demon began to tremble in the next moment, and the cloud of pollen began to evaporate. Beelzebub lost control of all the pollen.

Beelzebub was pretty weird, or maybe it was due to the fact that he suffered a lot of damage due to the burning effect caused by Solar Arrow. Either way, his skin was purple, and he had arms and antennae on his head that made him look like a fly. His eyes were red and quite big as well, so Ryan felt quite creeped out by him. He was wearing a dark robe, and he didn't have any hair, and despite the lack of armor, he only suffered some minor burns and was recovering pretty fast.

Congratulations! The skill Solar Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Solar Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Solar Arrow has leveled up.

...

"Was that the power of Gluttony?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "They said that one can increase their health, mana, and stamina exponentially with that power"

That combination was supposedly one of the strongest, and yet, Beelzebub was hanging in there and healing unbelievably fast. While Ryan had used all his mana, Mana Link recovered his mana. After thanking Femradiel in his mind, Ryan used the same combo on Beelzebub since that was the perfect chance to make Solar Arrow level up.

Beelzebub tried to resist, he even tried to use the pollen again, and this time, tried to attack Ryan with it. However, that only prolonged his suffering. Being attacked by something that he couldn't see and that also had a high level of divinity made Beelzebub suffer much more damage than the effects of his sin could heal him

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1