Chapter 945: Doubts

Chapter 945: Doubts

After five days, Isis called the leaders of all camps to a meeting. This time, even Ryan showed up, but he obviously looked impatient. Everyone could see that his training didn't show the result that he was expecting.

"Thank you for coming," Isis said. "We worked together for the past month and I think that we made a lot of progress, but it seems that we no longer can postpone our plans. Aside from the dungeons that are inside our domains, the demons have obtained control of the majority of all others. Their armies are increasing in size at a fearsome speed, we need to strike them down before they can obtain enough power to fight against all of us at the same time."

"We have obtained some allies in China, but we will need more time before we can reunite everyone under the same banner," Fang Shi said. "The demons are fighting against and trying to corrupt the troops of those who are being stubborn, but suddenly appearing and helping them won't work in our favor. They will think that we are plotting something."

Fang Shi began to participate in the meetings at some point. Still, Ryan didn't even notice when since he didn't participate in not a single one. Regardless, it seemed that for due to some incidents over the last year, the other leaders in China were being cautious when strangers approached to help. Most likely, some fallen caused a lot of trouble using that strategy. So, using a large army to help will only raise suspicion.

"I see we can't make a large army to move toward those regions," Isis nodded. "I suppose we can send some small teams to face them. We can't send the elder gods, though. Since it will make the demons warier of us. We need to lure them out and the only way of doing so is by relying on the humans of our side."

"Mephisto is in South America, Beelzebub is between Asia and Europe, Baal is in North America, and Belial is in Africa, organizing the territory that once belonged to Lilith," Athena said. "Those demons rarely work together, so it would be in our best interest if we created four teams and attacked all of them at the same time. I think it would be best if we divided the work among us, the Norse gods will form a team to deal with one of the four generals, and the Olympian gods will do the same and deal with another. The humans will form one and do the same and Ryan and Femradiel will take the last one."

"Why those two aren't being treated like humans?" Daniel frowned.

"They are, but they don't have many underlings, that is why I am treating them like an independent force" Athena frowned slightly. "If we work together and wipe out the demons from the face of the Earth, will be able to divide the territories and the dungeons among us to gather resources more steadily. Once we deal with the demons, we won't have much time, but we will need to prepare as much as possible."

"Maybe we can buy some more time," Ryan said.

"How?" Athena asked.

"I will use Belphegor and Lilith to lure the other demons and I will take them down one after the other," Ryan declared. "We will save our troops from suffering any damage and we won't give the sign to any external forces that the world is reunited and preparing to face them at least for a while."

"That is too risky, even for you," Isis said.

"It is a necessary risk, besides, if we can't send the elder gods, then we will have to seal or kill them and that would be a waste," Ryan said. "However, if I go, I can defeat them without sealing or killing neither of them."

"I thought your training didn't grant you the power you wanted," Loki said.

"That is true, but it should be enough against the demon generals," Ryan said.

Aside from the elder gods, no one tried to argue with Ryan about the plan. After all, most of those who were training with him saw what he could do with time magic. After that demonstration with Gustavo, he also sparred with some people, and the results were hard to explain. They knew that Ryan was using time magic, but there wasn't a single thing they could do to stop him.

"Are you planning to keep them locked in the Void World and use them to train?" Femradiel asked.

"Hahaha, you are very. Yeah, I was planning that," Ryan replied. "If we don't kill and seal them, then Lucifer won't be alerted and we will gain some extra time. But I won't deny that I will use them to increase my own powers."

" I also think that is our best option," Femradiel said after a couple of seconds of silence. "The demon generals will definitely try to challenge Ryan if he shows Belphegor and Lilith. That will be the best way for them to establish who is the strongest, since they aren't cooperating, it is fair to say that they want to prove that."

"Hmm considering their behavior and their nature, they will probably try to corrupt Ryan and control him as well," Isis tapped her index finger on the table and considered that. " What everyone thinks of this?"

"I agree that is too risky to expose our soldiers to the demon generals that being said, it would cause issues to let those two kill all the demons," Zeus said. "If they agree in letting our troops deal with the ordinary demons, they I don't mind."

"It is a fact that we need to keep everyone sharp for the final battle," Odin nodded. "With that in mind, the demons will work well in sharpening the spirits of our soldiers."

"I wonder if that is truly a good idea" Yahiko rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I heard that we can obtain their power if we defeat them. I am sure that would be a pretty useful power in the hand of many humans."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1