Chapter 947: Prisoners

Chapter 947: Prisoners

Ryan frowned when he saw those skills. They sure were useful, and the name of the class sure was fitting, but it seemed that something was wrong.

"Merlin, if Femradiel is the caster of any of those spells, will she also gain my health if she needs it?" Ryan asked.

"No," Merlin replied.

"Oh, boy" Ryan said and then facepalmed. "What a wonderful class, it grants my allies high chances of dying because of me."

Ryan knew that despite being an archer, he always suffered a lot of damage. So, it was only obvious that he would cause a lot of trouble to Femradiel if he didn't obtain the class as well. Naturally, he obtained the class and used it on her.

"This is pretty nice" Femradiel said while smiling. "Now, we will protect each other, no matter what."

"We can also use some summons to increase our mana pool," Ryan said. "You should create some that have high mana and high recovery."

"I knew you wouldn't think of this class the same way as me" Femradiel said and then sighed. "Still, that seems like a good idea."

It was rare to find monsters with more mana and recovery than them now. Still, it didn't matter since the monsters connected to their mana link would become an extension of their power. As far as they were concerned, the limit was supposed to be one thousand, but maybe there was a way to get rid of the cap. That was a problem for the future, though.

"I will do that tomorrow, let's rest to make sure that we won't make any mistakes," Femradiel said.

In the end, Ryan nodded and obeyed. He truly needed to rest a little because even though he was confident, he couldn't mess up in the next battles.

----- -----

The next day, Baal was proudly making his troops march toward the Northern part of the continent. He knew that there was no one on his path since, in the last month, all the humans decided to hide inside the domains. He was fully aware that they were working for the elder gods, he also knew that they were plotting something, but that didn't matter. As long as they had the chance to expand their territories and corrupt other monsters, he knew that not even all the humans and the elder gods would be able to stop them.

Baal and his army were about to reach Canada, which would signify that they had conquered the Northern part of the continent. After all, there are no camps in the North. However, Baal stopped his advance when the cold winds of that region covered by snow began to move more strongly, and then he felt a familiar presence two familiar presences. Baal looked above and saw one of the few humans who entered his domain as an enemy. Although he was just a rat that ran away without anything previously, Baal recognized him because he knew of the things he had accomplished and because he was carrying a crossbow that was filled with Belphegor's presence.

"You" Baal said.

Before Baal could say anything, he felt his body being pierced by something invisible. The number of attacks was impossible to count since he got hit hundreds of times in a few seconds. Baal saw his body being ripped apart while being hit, but he didn't fall despite that. He just endured the pain as he clenched his teeth.

"How weird, he endured all that," Ryan said. "Still, he didn't get slow, Belphegor. What do you have to say in your defense?"

"The demon generals never trusted each other, so we naturally leveled up the skills that could counter each other's powers," Belphegor explained.

"You guys have zero notion of teamwork," Ryan frowned.

Even in that state, Baal decided to fly and attack Ryan while he was creating a massive dark sphere of energy. Thanks to Odin's Eye, he saw the mana leaving the demons and flowing toward Baal. It seemed that he was using this power as a demon of Greed to steal the mana from his army. It was probably the best way since attacking Ryan with his demonic powers would take too long to have any effect.

Nevertheless, Ryan could control Time Skip and be able to use it even in his human form now. Still, thanks to that, Belphegor didn't suffer the total damage Ryan could cause with that type of spell. He didn't want to use Draconic Transformation, but it seemed that Baal wouldn't go down that easily despite everything. So, Ryan transformed for an instant.

As soon as Ryan used Time Skip again, Baal began to fall as his body was destroyed yet again. Even his dark sphere of energy decreased in size and slowly evaporated

Congratulations! The skill Eagle Eyes has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Concentration has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Accuracy has leveled up.

While Baal was falling, Ryan tried to use Wolf's Greed, but the skill didn't work. As expected, the system considered him stronger than the demon general. In any case, before the other demons could try to recover Baal, Ryan used Telekinesis and then used Void World on him. At the same time, Ryan used Teleport and created a Checkpoint in the ground. Soon after, the survivors working for the elder gods began to appear and dash toward the demons.

"You actually succeeded," Isis said via Telepathy. "Your power reached another level thanks to you training and your new skills."

"Where should I put Baal?" Ryan asked.

"I will hide him in one of my worlds, the demon generals have too much vitality so they can survive for many years even while under a powerful sleep spell," Isis replied.

"All right then," Ryan said. "Let's look for the next target before the others can notice that anything happened."

"I was hoping to see something more interesting," Femradiel said. "Anyway, you should hurry, since you already activated Void World, Baal will soon cause trouble here."

Femradiel was monitoring the first prisoner, but she still was aware of what was happening in reality. Truth to be told, she was actually looking forward to seeing how Ryan would fight the four demons' generals while they were stuck in the Void World.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1