Chapter 946: Absolute Guardian

Chapter 946: Absolute Guardian

"Spare me of your nonsense," Michael said. "We don't need the power of the demons. Not to mention, only those that can actually would them can receive their powers. Perhaps the humans present here can receive that, but be prepared to be shunned by the angels once the battle is over."

"Is that so? I suppose not many humans can have it then," Yahiko said, ignoring the second part of Michael's comment. "Still, if that can buy us more time and prevent rifts from happening, I can't deny that is the best plan of action. That being said, Ryan should have some support in case something goes wrong, like the four demon generals attacking him at the same time."

"I will do that, you don't have to worry," Femradiel said.

"I guess that is decided then," Isis said and then got up. "Tomorrow morning, you two are to go and face the demons. We will be counting on you. Just to make sure that you won't make any mistake, you should rest for today, Ryan."

"I will see what I can do," Ryan said, and then he proceeded to leave, but then Femradiel grabbed his shoulder and showed a scary smile.

"You should listen to your friends," Femradiel said.

Once she said that Femradiel teleported then back to the infirmary that Ryan used to sleep. It looked like she had some hidden intentions, but in the end, she just laid on the bed and forced Ryan to rest as well.

"You can fill Soul Eater with mana if you want, but I won't let you do anything aside from recovering your mana," Femradiel said.

"You should know me better than that," Ryan said. "I can't be tamed that easily."

As soon as he said that, Femradiel hugged Ryan and then buried him on his chest. His breathing got a bit rough, and that was quite creepy, but she got used to it.

"I guess I can be tamed easily," Ryan said.

"I can't understand why guys love breasts so much, they are just lumps of fat," Femradiel said and then shook her head.

"Breasts aren't just lumps of that, they carry inside them the dreams of all men of the world," Ryan said. "Putting that aside, I didn't expect you would agree with my plan."

"I just don't agree with your stupid ideas, this isn't a stupid idea," Femradiel said. "I know the strength of the demon generals and I know how to defeat them, but you don't need my knowledge to do that. I am certain that you can defeat them."

"Well, thanks for the vote of confidence," Ryan said.

While Ryan didn't make any true demonstrations of his power lately, he was also very confident. In fact, he was starting to think that a good reason why Arthur managed to achieve so much in the other timeline was due to Merlin. If Ryan only had time to use his features only one year or two would be enough for him to obtain all classes. That should give him some insight into how to deal with Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer. Unfortunately, he didn't have time to do that

"Just out of curiosity, how are you planning in dealing with them?" Femradiel asked.

"I haven't been improving my skills with bows and crossbows recently, so I am planning to recover my skills with them," Ryan replied. "I can't only tell you that without spoiling that I will defeat them in a very amusing way. Amusing for me at least."

"Ah I know that look in your eye," Femradiel said. "You are planning to do something nasty to them."

"Everything is just a matter of perspective," Ryan said. "Still, while I proposed that, I can't help but wonder wouln't be better if I gained the demon generals' powers? We know for a fact how useful Belphergor's powers are."

"Maybe Merlin can grant you those classes without killing them," Femradiel said.

"Can you do that, Merlin?"

"It will take a while," Merlin replied. "Their power is like a fragrance that gets stuck in the body of those who defeated them, so the system can analyze it faster that way."

"Considering that, that means that you already quantified Lilith's power when Femradiel defeated her?"

"That is right," Merlin replied.

"Why didn't you inform us of that?" Ryan asked.

"Because you didn't ask," Merlin replied.

Ryan bit his lips and then let out a deep sigh to calm down. He couldn't get angry. Merlin was always like that. While Lilith's power to convert lust into mana was useful, it didn't fit Ryan's style, not to mention, it would take too much time to become more efficient than the skills Ryan already had.

"I can't waste anymore time leveling up other classes, so I will skip that," Ryan said. "Just out of curiosity, though, how much coins do I need to pay for that class?"

"Half a billion," Merlin replied.

"The same as Time Lord, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"Merlin, is there any class which can grant me the power to share my power with Ryan?" Femradiel asked.

"There is," Merlin replied.

"What is the name and how much does it cost?" Femraidel asked.

"Hey I like to win my fights fair and square, you know," Ryan said.

"Let's put your pride aside since the next battles will decide the fate of the world," Femradiel said.

"It is called Absolute Guardian and it costs ten billion coins," Merlin replied.

"The name certain is strong, but how can useful it is to cost ten billion coins?" Ryan frowned.

"There is only one way to find out," Femradiel said, and then she lost ten billion coins.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Absolute Guardian!

You obtained the following skills: Health Link, Mana Link, and Stamina Link.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Health Link.

Effect: It grants you the power to share your health with several targets. The process of division will be automatic when the ally has less health than you. You can have added one ally to the link per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Link.

Effect: It grants you the power to share your mana with several targets. The process of division will be automatic when the ally has less health than you. You can have added one ally to the link per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stamina Link.

Effect: It grants you the power to share your stamina with several targets. The process of division will be automatic when the ally has less health than you. You can have added one ally to the link per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1