Chapter 953: Wrath Lord

Chapter 953: Wrath Lord

"Hey, guys, can you use fire magic now?" Ryan asked. "I kind of wanted to increase my resistances a little bit."

The four demons clenched their teeth when they heard that. They could only hear mocking words coming from Ryan's mouth, even though he was quite serious about what he asked. In the end, the four demons looked at each other and reached some sort of agreement with their eyes. Mephisto, Baal, and Beelzebub summoned massive spheres of fire in the blink of an eye. Still, Belial used her magic to make Ryan lose his Fire Resistance, Fire Immunity, and Fire Absorption.

"That bitch is doing it again" Ryan said and then rolled his eyes.

When the demons fired the spheres of fire toward Ryan, he tried to stop those with his arrows. He could use Deceleration Crossbow without worrying about mana, after all. So, that was a good time to train his most basic skills. Ryan managed to slow down the projectiles for a while, but eventually, he was forced to Teleport away from it. The massive explosion made the entire Void World vibrate and even burned the demons and Ryan thanks to the shockwave, but he ignored that. Instead, he used Time Skip and attacked Belial's head with consecutive chops.

Congratulations! The skill of Fire Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Immunity has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Absorption has leveled up.

"I told you not to do that again," Ryan said.

While a chop wasn't as strong as a punch, getting hit by hundreds of them in a single moment was enough to make Belial's head spin for a while. At first, the foud demons didn't try to work together. Still, they were forced to after a while because they knew they wouldn't escape if they didn't work together, and the only way to do that was by defeating Ryan.

Belial could have sealed Ryan's teleport, but she did that before, and it didn't work. When she did that, and the others attacked at the same time, Ryan used Time Skip to move to another place. That skill could be used like that as well. At first, Ryan tried to use Light Speed. However, Belial also sealed that. That was why the demons tried to cause damage by focusing on attacking using a massive area of effect spell and making sure that Ryan would have no resistance against it. Regardless, as soon as Belial got dizzy, Ryan's skills returned.

"Nothing yet, Merlin?" Ryan asked.

"I am almost there," Merlin said.

Probably because he was trying to analyze the skills of the four demons, Merlin was taking more time to analyze their status and attributes. In any case, while Ryan was in a hurry to get their power, he was doing pretty good since he could use Belphegor's powers without worrying about mana. The Sloth Lord class was leveling up quite fast.

The three demons were waiting for Belial to recover and attack together again because they knew that they couldn't defeat Ryan without her. Thanks to Body Analysis, Ryan could read what they were thinking, so he used that chance to attack them with Golden Arrows.

You obtained 13.325 coins.

You obtained 13.325 coins.

You obtained 13.325 coins.

The demons cursed Ryan under their breath. In that world, their wills were powerful but not powerful enough to prevent themselves from getting exhausted after receiving a certain amount of damage. In the Void World, everyone fought using their spiritual bodies, so what was damaged was their mana instead of their health in the real world. Since mana decided everything in the Void World, the more damage they receive, the less they can act. They managed to damage Ryan quite a bit at certain moments, but he never got tired as them. The reason was Mana Link.

"I guess I was expecting too much from you guys," Ryan said.

Mephisto began to tremble from head to toe, and his body increased. There he goes again, letting anger control him and make himself stronger. While that was troublesome, the fact that he was a mage-type and dashed toward the enemy made things much easier for Ryan. Mephisto headbutted Ryan, but he blocked the attack by firing countless arrows when he got too close. Mephisto ended up getting hit in the head dozens of times, and each time, he suffered critical damage. In the end, while he was falling, he managed to recover enough and use Poisonous Catastrophe on Ryan. But while that spell was powerful, it had a major flaw the poison was liquid, and Ryan could create a hole within it without even using Time Skip. Ryan passed through it, and he didn't suffer any damage.

"It is done," Merlin said.

Congratulations! You have become a Level, one Wrath Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Wrathful Empowerment, Anger Absorption, and Pain Suppression.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Wrathful Empowerment.

Effect: It grants the power to increase all of your status based on your level of anger. All your status will increase by 0.5% per level of this skill when you let your wrath control you.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Anger Absorption.

Effect: It grants you the power to absorb your anger and your enemies and transform it into energy that can be absorbed by you. While using this skill, you can recover twenty points of health, mana, or stamina per second and per level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Pain Suppression.

Effect: It grants you the power to completely make the pain disappear. No matter what kind of damage you might suffer, you won't feel anything.

Cost: 1000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"For free? Nice," Ryan said.

"Naturally, since I gained the knowledge of that demon thanks to you," Merlin replied. "Now, if you want to make the analysis proceed faster, you should focus on making the others fight."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1