Chapter 960: Spectral

Chapter 960: Spectral

"Speaking nonsense again" Ymir said and then looked away. "If you were right, you wouldn't need others to stop me. The need for you to confront me with words only shows that you don't truly believe in what you fight for."

"This is quite interesting, I had imagined that the progenitor of the Norse gods wouldn't be this talkative," Loki said. "Since you are willing to talk to us, then what is your end goal? You gave birth to many species but now that things aren't going the way you planned, are you going to wipe out all the life of the universe? I am astonished at this display of the highest level of pouting. Honestly speaking I had a high impression of you, but now... not so much."

"Foolish child, how can you expect to understand what I can feel?" Ymir asked. "Immortal you may be, but you didn't transcend your own flesh and conscience. You can't hope to understand those who transcended because all of you are someone who let your feelings get in the way. Without those, you would be able to attain true power, but you can't or are too afraid to do that."

"I wouldn't use the word afraid, but I can't see how interesting a life would be without those feelings you speak of," Loki shrugged. "If you understand something that I don't, you can always enlighten me."

"Why can I show you?" Ymir asked. "Look at the power of someone who truly transcended the physical realm."

After saying that, Ymir opened a hole in the domain barrier. No one knew what he had done, but it became obvious that it was useless against him. As if that wasn't troublesome enough, Ymir pointed toward Loki, and then a shadow appeared in front of him. One couldn't see the face of the shadow, but it was quite clear that the shadow was similar to him.

Spectral Loki

Class: ???/???/???

Race: --

Rank: --

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

The shadow looked quite creepy while it was moving toward Loki, but he just frowned slightly. Considering that Ymir created many species, he was supposed to make things a lot more realistic. Regardless, Loki raised his guard when the shadow suddenly made a dark knife appear in its hands and then tried to cut his throat. LOKI moved backward and then escaped the attack. Despite that, Loki's neck began to bleed a little.

"Hmmm, what a boring copy," Loki said. "You made a fake copy of myself, but the status is only identical. I was expecting more from you."

"Well, things are just starting," Ymir said and then made copies of the elder gods in the area.

When the elder gods felt presence identical to them, they couldn't help but frown. Aside from Odin and Loki, everyone else looked more than shocked. The reason was obvious. Even those who went good at feeling the presence of others could tell that the copies also had divine energy in their bodies.

Thot swung his new hammer toward the shadow in front of him. Still, the creature mimicked his movements, and the sound of hammers colliding echoed through the area that was quite something. To make an identical copy that had the same strength and even could create weapons made of shadows that could stop the originals.

As if they were mirroring each other, Thor and the shadow continued the fight while attacking and defending with the same moves. Everyone else wanted to join the fight, but Ymir assumed that no one was really a target for him aside from the elder gods. Besides, they didn't have the nerves to attack the five kilometers tall Ymir. Ryan had, but he decided to observe things for the time being.

"Femradiel, do you know what those things are made of?" Ryan asked.

"I don't know, it is the first time that I am seeing Ymir magic," Femradiel replied. "However, considering that he made creatures made of shadows that are as strong as the elder gods I would say that he created them using his memories. However, he deleted the unnecessary parts. Or at least the parts he deemed unnecessary. Like emotions and a proper physical body."

That made sense. Without emotions, the copies could fight like machines to their utmost limits no matter what. Not to mention, without proper bodies, they couldn't grow tired. They had heard that Ymir was a summoner, but to be able to summon improved versions of the elder gods. that was insane.

"What should we do?" Femradiel asked.

"Let's wait and see," Ryan replied. "This is a good chance for the elder gods to grow stronger as well. Ymir is pro thinking that if they are defeated, the rest of us will go down easy without the will to fight."

Ryan was quite troubled by the fact that Ymir didn't even try to look for targets aside from the elder gods. Was it because he discarded his feelings? Or perhaps was it because they still were stronger than Ryan in his human form in terms of overall status? Either way, it was a good chance to stay low and study the enemy.

While that had been Ryan's plan, he couldn't understand what those understands were made of, not even with the help of Odin's Eye and Draconic Eyes. Ryan wanted to ask Isis about her opinion about it. Still, she was too busy attacking the enemy shadow and preventing Plasma Arrows from falling on their allies.

Ryan wanted to check things on his domain and experiment with what he knew. However, the only way for him to do that was by using Merlin and then obtain the class Femradiel obtained when she defeated Aphrodite. Perfect Replication will come in handy. However, that will increase the divine energy in Ryan's body. Would he be able to stay hidden if he uses that?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1