Chapter 955: Envy Lord

Chapter 955: Envy Lord

Congratulations! You have become a  Level one Envy Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Power Stealer, Envy Shield, and Envy Eyes.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Power Stealer

Effect: it grants you the power to steal for a while the skill of a target. While the skill is active, the target can't use it, but you can use it at the same level as the target. The level of the skill determines the level of the skills you can steal

Cost: 10.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Envy Shield

Effect: it grants you the power to restore one point of your mana per attack based on the level of this skill when attacked.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Envy Eyes

Effect: it grants you the power to make your skills level up by watching others use those skills. The level of the skill determines and increases the leveling up speed of those skills.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Not bad, huh," Ryan said and then knocked down Belial as well.

Thanks to the crossbows on his hands, Ryan was making those classes level up pretty fast. However, how could he make a weapon that would grant him the same thing with Envy? Power Stealer seemed like the only skill available to use in any weapon.

"Well, I need to test it" Ryan shrugged.

Now that Ryan thought about it, he should try to create all kinds of magic items with the skills he has. At some point, he might be able to create one that will have the same power as Gungnir, and that would be his answer. That being said, it was kind of hard to imagine that Ryan already had such skill. Nevertheless, making those demonic classes reach the next level will grant Ryan quite the power-up, so maybe he shouldn't focus only on that power.

Snake Eyes Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of two hundred points of mana, upon attacking the target and using the same skill over and over again, you will be able to make that skill level up to ten percent faster while using it against the target.

Dexterity + 400, Intelligence + 200

Durability: 300/300

"This is an unexpected effect" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Ten percent Maybe I can increase this if I upgrade the weapon."

Ryan tested that theory by repeating the same process of creation of the weapon. In the end, he confirmed that every time he upgraded, the effects of the weapon increased by ten percent.

After doing some tests, Ryan confirmed that he could keep certain skills active while he uses Snake Eyes. He just couldn't activate or use any other skill while he was making use of those effects.

"My apologies for underestimating you, Belial," Ryan said. "Your power is really useful. I will be sure to put it to good use to defeat your boss..."

Belial wasn't conscious, so she didn't hear it. In any case, Ryan began to upgrade Snake Eyes nonstop, but he had to stop when the weapon reached the level seventy. The limit of Magic Upgrade and the Forgemaster class had been reached. It seemed quite pathetic given all the strength Jake had been gaining recently, but those weren't that connected. So, it couldn't be helped...

"I guess this is fine for the time being," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "I knew that the power granted by the deadly sins were useful, but after hearing what Lucifer could do I had given up on reaching the same level."

Apparently, that had been a mistake. Even if Ryan couldn't do limitless things with the power of the deadly sins, he still could obtain a lot of power. Now that he had found one more reason to complete his collection, Ryan selected his next target. Leaving the best for last, Ryan decided to play with Beelzebub.

"All right, mate," Ryan said. "It is time to show me what you can do. Try harder, please."

Beelzebub knew that Ryan wouldn't let him count on the help of the other demons. Still, he couldn't help but wonder how he could free the other generals. While they failed together many times, he knew that they had to keep trying. Otherwise, they will be stuck there forever, being used as tools by Ryan. They used that same tactic to torment many individuals that caused problems to them in the past. Still, the idea of enduring the same was too nerve-wracking, even considering that they were the strongest demons.

While it wasn't much, Beelzebub summoned some of the spores he liked so much and made it cover his body. Ryan could see spores eating the vestiges of mana in the air that the fights left, and at the same time, Beelzebub was absorbing that energy. It was quite weird how powerful all those demons could become if one gives them time to use their abilities Nevertheless, Ryan decided to let him do as he pleases for the time being and pointed his new crossbow toward him. Beelzebub concentrated the spores on his forearms and blocked the attack when Ryan fired a single bolt. The damage wasn't that serious, so Ryan assumed that Beelzebub could truly help him with his experiments.

Congratulations! The skill Legendary Archery has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Legendary Archery has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Legendary Archery has leveled up.

Beelzebub resisted and felt like his plans were working for quite a while, but then his face turned pale when he felt the power of Ryan's attacks suddenly becoming stronger and at an irrational speed. While he was completely taken aback by that, Ryan was smirking from ear to ear Ryan couldn't be a human it was impossible for him to be an ordinary man. From Beelzebub's point of view, his ability to keep improving was demonic.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1