Chapter 958: Final Preparations

Chapter 958: Final preparations

While Ryan was bullying the four demon generals, things were ending regarding the clean-up of the demonic armies. While humans suffered some losses, the demons were wiped out since they didn't have anyone to command them. On the other hand, the humans that had been selected to be the domain masters led their soldiers and made them fight like never before. Weirdly enough, all battles ended on the seventh day, after all the demon generals were captured.

"We really did it," Isis said to the other elder gods while she was facing a map that was being updated every minute.

"We shouldn't waste any time," Athena added. "The selected ones should create domains in the specific locations as soon as possible. Once that happens, we need to use Checkpoints to connect this palace to the domains. After that, it will be up to us."

"We had enough time to prepare for it, so let's focus in order to prevent mistakes," Isis added. "Putting that aside for the time being, how are things with Ryan and the four demon generals?"

"The same as usual," Femradiel said. "He managed to put some of the abilities of the demons in magic items and he thinks that mass-producing them might help our troops quite a bit."

"Knowing him, he only made crossbows," Isis furrowed her eyebrows. "Telling him to create several sets of each weapon, naturally, we will pay for each one."

"He will like to hear that," Femradiel forced a smile. "By the way, did you finish the list with the location of the dungeons and which classes granted them?"

"Yes, we are already allocating the humans to those most suited for them considering their fighting style," Isis replied. "However, since they could only grant so many people classes every day, you will need to go to the ones that still are unguarded first."

"Right." Femradiel nodded. "The time is fast approaching, huh. All the enemies on the planet have been dealt with and now we can only focus on strengthening ourselves in preparation for the final battle."

"You weren't nervous before, but now" Isis said. "I can understand why, but you don't have to worry. We achieved much more than any of us expected, so we just need to keep the pace."

Femradiel nodded and smiled. She was getting nervous because lately, she recalled more vividly her memories before she was sent to that era. She couldn't remember much of the time when she was a Cursed dragon, but the few things that she could remember made her feel shivers. The future Earth had become a completely destroyed world in which all organic life had been destroyed. The world had become dark due to the flames of war, and the sky was crimson red. The water that humans drank was made by magic, and the food that they could eat came from the few creatures that could stay alive in such a world. Seeing a world like that showing again was quite nerve-wracking. Femradiel has more than one reason to fight to prevent that, but it seemed that she got all the nervousness that Ryan had gotten rid of.

"If just infusing mana all day and every day isn't helping me, I guess I will train my skills," Femradiel muttered.

Before returning to Ryan's Void World, Femradiel checked the list of classes that could be obtained all over the world. It was massive, but not as much as Femradiel had expected. The reason for that was the fact that she couldn't find special classes there. Some tier four classes were of the Celestial tier, but nothing aside from that.

"We didn't manage to obtain the knowledge of all classes back then, but now we can," Femradiel nodded to herself. "If all humans obtain at least one-third of those classes"

It was a bit too much, given that Femradiel could see around twenty-four hundred classes available and divided into physical, magic, and ranged. So, each type of survivor had more than eight hundred options of classes.

"I will have to study this carefully and choose the best classes," Femradiel said.

Upon returning to the Void World, Femradiel saw the demons the same way as she saw them before leaving. They were on the ground and couldn't move because Ryan was attacking them before they could recover from the damage. While only two weapons granted Ryan the power to attack without using mana, he still was using all the other six that he obtained recently.

"How are things outside?" Ryan asked.

"You should come and see for yourself" Femradiel said. "Staying here 24/7 isn't good, even if you have a good reason to do so."

"Sorry, but within another week, I am sure that the demonic classes will reach the king level," Ryan said. "That power-up is something that I need. if only we had two or three more months."

"You think that you could reach Lucifer and Chronus' level of skills?" Femradiel asked. "Even if the theory is true, you are an archer, not a mage."

"I am aware of it, besides, even Merlin can't imagine how skilled with time magic Chronus is," Ryan said. "That being said, seeing their true potential might give me some insights into how to defeat them."

Since neither of them could overthrow the other two, it was evident that Chronus, Ymir, and Lucifer didn't reach the pinnacles of their strength. With that in mind, they could be defeated. Unlike a month ago, Ryan knew that he could pull it off, but he wanted to achieve that before those three could cause irreparable damage to the world.

"Ah, that is right Isis wants to buy some alternative versions of those crossbows," Femradiel said. "You should make quite a lot because she is planning to buy many of them."

Ryan nodded and smiled because he was counting on that. Putting all his training aside, he would need tons of coins to make Sun Lord, Moon Lord, Time Lord, and Time King reach the max level. Ryan didn't receive Wolf's Greed by coincidence

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1