Chapter 956: Gluttony Lord

Chapter 956: Gluttony Lord

Ryan assumed that fighting the four demon generals would help him a lot. While that was happening, he wasn't gaining much battle experience. They were helping him because they were strong creatures and because their powers were useful to enhance his progress, but aside from that Ryan didn't even need Time Skip anymore to keep all of them down. Maybe things would be different in the real world, where their vitality wouldn't be directly connected to their mana. Still, Ryan could feel that he would manage.

Beelzebub tried to enhance his body and protect himself from the spores, but Ryan's power increased more than he could do the same. Thus, he got despaired and tried to summon his creatures to increase the production of the spores, but Ryan destroyed them anyway. Soon after, Beelzebub's turn came.

Congratulations! You have become a  Level one Gluttony Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Perpetual Appetite, Hyper Body, and Elemental Hunger.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Perpetual Appetite

Effect: it grants you the power to eat whenever you feel like it without having to worry about getting sick. All kinds of food will restore your energy, and the tastier the food, the more energy you will recover.

Cost: 10.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Hyper Body

Effect: it passively decreases the cost of most skills and spells by ten points per level. This skill can decrease of the cost of most skills and spells up to ninety percent.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Elemental Hunger

Effect: it grants you the power to eat things created by magic. The higher level of the skill, the more you can intake at the same time. You will receive some damage if the level of the spell is five times higher than the level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

"What a weird group of skills" Ryan said and then sighed. "I knew it would be too much, but I was expecting that it would gain that ability to store more energy than my body could usually have."

That was one of Lucifer's abilities, according to Loki. Maybe Ryan could obtain the same ability if he made Gluttony Lord evolve once or twice, but he didn't have enough time to do that.

"It seems you are up to something weird again," Femradiel suddenly appeared, and then she said when she saw the four demon generals constantly getting damage while being on the ground. "This doesn't look much like a training session."

"At this point in time, they aren't much of real enemies for us," Ryan said. "We fought for over an year against many creatures, while those guys stayed inside their domains and waited for humans and elder gods kill each other."

"I suppose so" Femradiel said. "Anyway, I came to tell you what happened in the last meeting."

Ryan wasn't that surprised when he heard that the elder gods would help some humans on the creator of the domains that will serve as a last line of defense. While Ryan doubted that the guys chosen would cause any trouble, some attention was necessary to avoid trouble.

"Hey it seems that I can't even blink anymore because you will use that chance to get stronger," Femradiel said with her eyes wide open of surprise after she used Appraisal on Ryan. "This power up is quite hard to accept."

"The secret is here," Ryan said while showing his newest weapons. "If you get those classes, you will be make to make them level up pretty fast with those. Hey, Merlin"

"I won't give the knowledge of the class for free," Merlin said.

"At least let me finish my sentence" Ryan said and then sighed. "You can take the payment from my coins. I will get the next class and then I will try to analyze them and see if they can help me in some way obtain that power. You can play with the demons in the meantime."

"Play you should choose your words more wisely," Femradiel frowned.

Before fighting with Baal, Ryan applied the knowledge of Elemental Hunger on a crossbow. He had considered the other skills, but since the first only affected food and the second only affected skills, Ryan assumed it would be useless.

Chaotic Hunger Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of 200 points of mana, It grants you the power to eat the energy of spells and skills. Each bolt can eat up to ten points of the energy used in the activation of the ability.

Dexterity + 400, Intelligence + 200

Durability: 300/300

"This isn't so bad it is the perfect weapon to use against magicians," Ryan said.

Ryan wondered why Beelzebub didn't use that power against Ryan he soon understood that it was because Ryan didn't attack him directly with attacks that had mana or stamina. No, his bolts had mana, but perhaps it was too much more than Beelzebub could ingest in a single instant.

"Femradiel, I will fight Baal, the other three are with you," Ryan said.

"I would rather fight with only two, but since I won't stay here forever, then it is fine," Femradiel said.

Ryan stopped attacking the demons, and they eventually began to recover. Ryan saw Baal getting up and glaring at him and stealing his mana. This time, Ryan let him do it because Baal couldn't use his dark sphere of energy without doing something like that. Thanks to that, Baal created a massive sphere of dark energy that was as big as Ryan in his draconic form. As expected of the combination of Ryan and Baal's power. While Baal was preparing his attack, Ryan upgraded Chaotic Hunger Crossbow forty times. He pulled the trigger once he finished it, and his bolts began to eat away the massive spell. Baal bit his lips until they began to bleed heavily, he fired the sphere, but Ryan made it dissipate before it could touch him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1