Chapter 957: Greed Lord

Chapter 957: Greed Lord

Baal tried the same trick several times, hoping to see Ryan failing at some point, but in the end, that never happened. After defeating all the demons like that, Ryan assumed that they would do something drastic to alert Lucifer, like taking their own lives, but they never did that.

While Femradiel was facing the other demons, Baal suddenly grew stronger thanks to the desire to obtain Ryan's powers, which made him steal dozens of thousands of points of Ryan's mana in a moment. Still, Ryan recovered all that by using Magic Vampirism and attacking Baal with Chaotic Hunger Crossbow.

"The analysis is complete," Merlin said.

Congratulations! You have become a  Level one Greed Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Avarice, Absolute Exchange, and Status Stealer.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Avarice.

Effect: it grants you the power to exchange mana for coins. Each coin will cost ten points of mana, and you can obtain ten coins per skill level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Absolute Exchange.

Effect: it grants you the power to transform everything into coins. The higher the level of the skill, the bigger the things you can turn into coins.

Cost: 5000 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Status Stealer.

Effect: it grants you the power to temporarily steal the status of the target. The level of the determines how many status points you can steal with which use.

Cost: 1000 mana.

Cooldown: 30 seconds.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Well, well, those sure are interesting skills" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "As expected of the sin that I obtained."

Ryan immediately considered creating a new weapon, but he didn't know which one would be better. Avarice and Status Stealer seemed pretty nice. As for the second skill, creating a weapon with that effect wouldn't create anything decent in a fight probably.

"Oh, well Let's create two crossbows then," Ryan shrugged.

Diamond Crossbow

Effect: at the cost of five hundred mana points, it grants you the power to damage everything and gain coins in exchange for it.

Dexterity + 380, Intelligence + 190.

Durability: 400/400

King of the Thieves Crossbow

Effect: at the cost of five hundred points of mana, it grants you the power to fire a bolt that will steal the status of the target for thirty seconds. The effect stacks, and the time resets upon hitting the enemy resets with this weapon.

Dexterity + 380, Intelligence + 190.

Durability: 400/400

"Hehehehehehehe This is amazing!" Ryan said while laughing maniacally for a while.

"I thought you had gone mad, for a second rather than laughing like a crazy man, you should focus on leveling up the classes," Femradiel said. "We don't know when we will have to fight, so we need to use all of our time wisely."

Ryan heard half of what Femradiel said, but it seemed the power of the new class was already affecting him. He suddenly began to wonder how much he could eat if he mass-produced these crossbows and sold them for a few million. He was pretty sure more than a few people could afford that.

In any case, Ryan put those thoughts aside and then used the Diamond Crossbow on Baal. He frowned when the wound didn't make any blood flow Instead of that, a yellow aura left the wound and then approached Ryan. His coins increased after that.

"... That is kind of scary to think that even body parts could become coins," Ryan said.

"You should see the skills you will gain if you make this class upgrade two times," Merlin said.

"Hmmm now that I think about it, isn't it weird that but defeating the demon generals I only gain classes that can be upgraded two times?" Ryan asked.

"Not really, as you know, these demons didn't reach the apex of the deadly sins powers," Merlin explained. Lucifferdir did, and that is why he has all the skills of the demon god level of this series of classes."

"I see the classes of the elder gods are divided into lords, kings, and gods," Ryan said. "However the demons are divided into lord, demon king, and demon god."

"That is right," Merlin said.

Ryan wondered if reaching the ultimate level in all those classes would grant him the power that could make him rival Lucifer. If that were true, Ryan would do everything in his power to do that. However, it wasn't certain. Not to mention, since Lucifer didn't overtake Chronus and Ymir, perhaps trying that wouldn't solve the whole situation.

While Ryan was thinking about that, Baal got up and prepared another attack. However, Ryan stopped him when he bombarded him with a Golden arrow and the Diamond Crossbow.

"Hmm maybe I should see if Diamond Crossbow can make monster corpses turn into coins," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It would be a waste if they had some value and everyone just burns them"

"Ryan you aren't planning to leave me here alone, are you?" Femradiel furrowed her eyebrows. "The meeting earlier lasted for a while, so I am too tired to stay here for hours."

"My bad," Ryan said and then began to bombard the demons again with his bolts. "Thank you for the help, you can rest now. Although I think this isn't the best place to rest."

"It is all right," Femradiel said. "I just want to relax a little lap pillow would be nice."

"I think so too, wanted to decide who will give by using rock, paper, scissors?" Ryan asked, but then he forced a smile when he saw a large frown on Femradiel's forehead. "Just kidding come here."

Ryan knew that he was slowly but surely being whipped to shape. He wasn't resisting as much as he was planning, but it couldn't be helped since Femradiel was the one who was always by his side. Ryan couldn't be that nice to others, and while it seemed a bit too much to say yes to everything that Femradiel wanted. For some reason, Ryan never truly felt uncomfortable spoiling her.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1