Chapter 952: Something Else

Chapter 952: Something else

While Ryan was starting his training with the demons, Femradiel moved Furball and the Ice Tyrant to two different battlefields. After that, she returned to Isis palace. Most of the elder gods were there, so she would be able to hear if anything happened all over the world as fast as possible.

"How is everything going?" Femradiel asked.

"So far, nothing major happened," Isis replied.

"We  are having a hard time preventing the demons from spreading damage around the world, though," Athena said. "We don't have enough numbers to create perfect encirclements, so I can't see how we can prevent that."

"We can repair the world later with magic," Zeus said. "The real issue now is to make our soldiers gain strength as fast as possible."

"I disagree, with that kind of mentality humans will only fight without caring for the environment and will get used to the idea that everything can be fixed with magic," Athena said.

"I also agree that destroying the world that we are trying to protect by fighting mindlessly doesn't make any sense," Isis said.

"So, unbelievably nave" Zeus said and then sighed.

"Anyway, what do we have to do now to prepare for the next battle?" Femradiel asked. "Are we planning to create some lines of defense that will inform us when those three approach this part of the universe?"

"We are working on that, but even us can't put those types of spells all over the universe, not to mention, if they wanted, they probably can just Teleport to any part of the universe and remain hidden," Isis replied. "What do you think, Loki? You are good at that kind of thing, approaching and lurking around without letting others notice your presence."

"You make me look so unsavory" Loki shrugged. "Those three are heavily focused in magic, different types of magic, but magic nonetheless. Naturally, they are above me in that regard. Possibly even father can't think of a way to stop them from suddenly appearing on the planet. However, we might be able to stop them and gain sometime if we use domains to protect all the continents. A single domain to protect the whole world is something beyond even the elder gods, but five to ten domains might be enough."

"Can we even do that now?" Athena asked. "Fang Shi still is working on the expansion of our forces in China and India."

"It should be fine now that we are killing all the demons," Loki explained. "Even the most stubborn leaders should have realized by now that they can't go against us."

"Still, it might raise some suspicious if we make the elder gods the masters of those domains," Isis said. "To prevent that, we should select some humans to be the masters of the domains. What do you think?"

The elder gods looked at each other for a while. Giving a few humans the power to control all the domains on the planet didn't seem that appealing. While they were defeated by some humans, they still think that they are above them in all senses."

"If you are that uncomfortable with the idea, you guys can vote for the humans who should be the domains' masters," Femraidel shrugged. "Naturally, someone experienced would be better. Also, someone that you can work with since all the elder gods will have to help on the expansion of the domains."

The elder gods nodded. It was only natural they would have to help. After all, there weren't that many humans left in the world. So, the number of powerful individuals that could make the domains grow in size faster wasn't that high.

After discussing for a while, the elder gods decided on the humans who could do that job. Mostly, they already had domains, so they had the experience to do so. They were Daniel, Lucas, Gustavo, Natasha, Yahiko, and Mohammed, who served Isis for quite a while. The other two who didn't have much experience were Bianca, who helped Gustavo and his friends, and Haruna, who also worked for Yahiko. Three of them would stay in America. The other five would stay in Australia, Africa, Japan, central Europe, and Central Asia. They didn't like Ryan for obvious reasons, and apparently, they didn't like Fang Shi as well. Probably because he eventually would become the human who would have the most followers if things keep going like that.

"We will talk with them later about this arrangement," Isis said. "The Olympian gods will help the leaders in America, the Norse gods will help those who will lead things in Japan, Asia and Europe. As for us, the third party, we will help those who will create domains in Africa and Australia. Are you okay with that, Femradiel?"

"No problem," Femradiel said.

The idea of having a domain was nice, but Ryan only wanted to use them to prevent the return of the elder gods. Maybe he could find another use for them, but for the time being, it didn't look like he was interested in one.

"It will be good if everyone has the chance to level up their main skills, but it would be wiser if they use Mana Stealer as much as possible in order to increase the durability of the barriers and also to make them grow," Isis said. "I also have a feeling that they are only the final line of defense, so we can't take it easy in that regard."

Everyone nodded, and then they began to disperse. Femradiel wondered what she should do now since she wouldn't have to help any domain master. Ryan was busy using the demons' generals as a sparring partner. Gathering mana all the time was making her steadily stronger. Still, in the end, it was boring, and she wasn't actually training her main skills.

Training in Ryan's Void World would be for the best since the four generals probably were the strongest enemies anyone could face right now. However, Femradiel decided to do that later She had something else to do.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1