Chapter 954: Endless Rage Crossbow

Chapter 954: Endless Rage Crossbow

Ryan frowned. He thought that Merlin was taking his time because he was analyzing everyone at the same time he couldn't have been more wrong. Nevertheless, Ryan activated Anger Absorption, and he could feel a lot of mana coming from the demons. Naturally, they were pretty pissed at him Still, before he could continue the fight, Ryan had an idea.

"Hey, Belphegor," Ryan said. "Do you think I can make this class level up faster if I create a magic item using one of those skills?"

"Maybe I suppose you can create a crossbow that won't need mana to be used if you combine Soul Creation, Seal, and Anger Absorption." Belphegor said after a long sigh.

Belphegor was being strangely cooperative, probably because he knew that Ryan could make him have a hard time if he got annoyed. He was lazy to the point that he would rather cause problems to his former allies than to Ryan. He had no sense of shame

"Wow, that is a pretty good idea" Ryan nodded in excitement. "Use the anger of the enemies to charge a weapon I suppose I won't be able to store all the mana I could absorb if I do that, but I suppose it can't be helped. Something like that is only unavoidable."

While Ryan was mumbling, the four demons prepared to attack again. That was a pretty efficient way to make him stronger, but it was annoying that Ryan didn't have some peace when he wanted it to gain a few moments of peace. Ryan summoned dozens of copies of his Holy Crossbow and then bombarded the demons. The creatures tried to dodge the bolts, but Ryan made sure to keep Perfect Aim activated. So, while the demons were being expunged by the bolts that had the holy attribute, Ryan used his skills to create a steel crossbow, and then he used Soul Creation, Seal, and Anger Absorption.

Endless Rage Crossbow

Effect: It grants you the power to absorb the enemies' rage and charge this weapon with mana. Each Bolt will cost ten percent of the mana stored in the weapon, so the damage caused will increase based on the amount of energy this weapon can store.

Charge: 0/1000

Dexterity + 450, Intelligence + 200

Durability: 300/300

"Hmmm Not bad, I guess," Ryan nodded to himself.

When Ryan pointed the weapon toward the enemies, it began to charge, and in the blink of an eye, it was fully charged. As expected of the rage of the demons Ryan tried to hit the enemies with those dark-red bolts that the weapon produced, and while they caused soma damage and made the demons bleed, the problem of ammo was quite troublesome.

"Oh, yeah it can also absorb my anger," Ryan said.

While Ryan had no reason to be angry at the moment, he always could use Angel Manipulation, and so he did it. The crossbow began to charge even faster than before. Still, to make things interesting, he decided to upgrade the weapon a few more times. When the crossbow reached the level thirty of an upgrade, the demons began to show expressions of pain when they were hit by it.

"This is quite refreshing I wonder if I am turning into someone who feels pleasure inflicting pain onto others," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

The demons realized that they couldn't get close to Ryan while he used those two crossbows, so they began to use long-ranged attacks. As usual, Belial focused on support and annoying Ryan, and this time, she used Gravity magic to slow him down. However, as usual, she was forced to stop when Ryan hit the back of her head. Ryan recovered from the effects of gravity, but the other demons still were planning to attack with their largest spells.

"They are really willing to sacrifice a companion to kill me, huh" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows as he watched the massive sphere of poison, another sphere of dark energy, and the last made of flesh-eating pores.

The three attacks blocked Ryan's field of vision, but that didn't bother him in the slightest. He just used Draconic Transformation and then opened his mouth. The entire Void World trembled, and some parts even cracked when Ice Breath collided against those spells. Ryan knew that if he had used Dark Ice Breath, he would win, but he also would destroy the Void World.

When the explosion of energy, the demons saw Ryan slightly wounded. He protected Belial, and Frost Armor protected him quite a bit. They couldn't help but frown since Ryan obviously wasn't supposed to have that much endurance. Regardless, he bombarded them with his crossbows until they fell on the ground, barely conscious.

"Good grief" Ryan said and then sighed. "I knew they would be a pain in the ass, but this is just too much."

"You can always focus on leveling up the classes that you already have," Merlin said. "That won't slow you down in the slightest."

"Nah, it can't be helped," Ryan said. "We need these classes, I am pretty sure many of us will have enough coins to pain for those classes and will need those bonuses as well."

"I wonder about that" Merlin said. "Well, this is quite boring for me as well. So why don't you keep three of those guys down with bolts and let the remaining fight you?"

"Hmm I suppose that is the most efficient way to handle this," Ryan nodded.

Ryan couldn't see how much useful Belial's power would be since she could only steal skills temporarily. However, in terms of raw abilities, she was probably the one who would be the easiest to analyze. So, while he attacked the other demons with bolts to make them stay down, he let her go to attack him once she woke up. Naturally, she got pretty pissed when she realized that Ryan chose her because she was the less troublesome enemy. However, letting the blood rush to her head didn't help her in the slightest.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1