Chapter 959: Sloth Demon King

Chapter 959: Sloth Demon King

Congratulations! The class Sloth Lord has reached the max level and evolved to Sloth Demon King. All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points whenever this class levels up. All the effects of the skills of this class have doubled.

Congratulations! The class Wrath Lord has reached the max level and evolved Wrath Demon King. All of your statuses have increased and will increase by three hundred points whenever this class levels up. All the effects of the skills of this class have doubled.

In the end, Ryan succeeded in making all the five demonic classes evolve. It was quite a lot of progress, considering that only two weeks passed in the real world. Ryan got a lot stronger but that strength didn't prevent him from suddenly feeling shivers inside his Void world. As usual, the demons were on the ground, unable to move. So something outside happened and made Ryan feel that. Leaving the four demons alone in his Void World would be a pain, but Femradiel quickly appeared and then created a replica of herself to deal with them.

"It seems one of them finally appeared," Femraidel said.

Ryan already knew that. That shiver had been completely different from any other. The sensation only grew more intent when Ryan left the infirmary and then noticed that despite being noon, the sky was completely dark, and lightning bolts were falling, even though there were no clouds in the sky. Whoever came, it certainly was trying to scare everyone.

Ryan used Clairvoyance to find signs of the invader, but he didn't find anything close to the domains. Then, Isis called everyone for a meeting. It didn't take long for them to realize that the first enemy was still hidden. One of them had finally appeared, but no one could find them

"We can't make a move now without knowing who the enemy is," Isis declared. "Still, we should stay here because it is the only place that is connected to all domains."

"Just like we agreed, we will divide our forces to face each enemy separately, we can't afford to let those three fight at the same place," Athena said. "The Olympian gods and the survivors of America will face Chronus. The angels and the survivors of Asia and Europe will face Lucifer. The Norse gods and all the other forces will face Ymir. We might need to change that if something happens during the battles, but for the time being, we will proceed this way."

It seemed that Ryan and Femradiel were going to face Ymir. That was kind of bad since Ryan didn't develop his powers considering him in mind. He would be able to understand more what Lucifer and Chronus could thank to the demonic classes and the classes that granted him the power to manipulate time. Still the Norse gods weren't that numerous, so they might need their help.

"Hmm? It seems that Ymir was the first one to show up he is attacking the domain in Europe," Loki said.

"What? But Mohmmed didn't" Isis said, and then she received a message via Telepathy. "It is true let's get going."

It was a bit troublesome that Isis had to move so soon, considering that she was the one who created the alliance, but it couldn't be helped. Those who were supposed to fight Ymir quickly moved toward the Checkpoint in Europe. It was the first time Ryan saw the domain of that region, so it was only obvious that he opened his eyes widely when he felt how massive it was. It had been made in Italy, but in a single week, it had grown so much that it was already reaching Russia's Atlantic and the Western side.

Weirdly enough, Ymir was right above the core of the domain. Standing above the barrier Loki he said that the blue, massive giant was attacking, but the only thing he was doing was standing there causing damage with his weight alone. Ymir was pretty different from what Ryan had imagined. While he was quite hairy and he heard it was white and long, he didn't seem wild like the other elder gods from Norse mythology. It was only natural, Ryan thought since he was the progenitor of those gods.

Ymir was standing with his arms crossed, and he didn't have a single piece of armor or was carrying any weapon. He was a mage-type, so it would be hard to find a suitable magic weapon. Regardless, he was wearing a blue robe that was on the same tone as his skin but Ryan assumed that it was blue due to the icy aura he was emitting.

"Odin it has been a while," Ymir's voice echoed inside the domain. "I let you live after that time and you still try to go against me? I thought your followers considered you wise, but they must be fools and fools can't decide what true wisdom is."

Odin didn't answer that taunt, he was trying to keep as composed as ever, but those who looked at him could see that he was pale and sweating cold. Seeing Ymir for the first time in a while made him revive some unpleasant memories. Come to think of it, other Norse deities fought Ymir alongside Odin, but they never showed up until now Ryan couldn't help but wonder did Ymir kicked their ass and only let Odin live out of piety?

"You must remember who started the fight and who don't deal with slight insubordination," Odin said. "You, like Chronus and Lucifer think that power makes you absolute, that you are never wrong. Might makes right rule only apply on the battlefield. If you want to make the entire universe a battlefield just to make you the right one all the time, I will fight you once again, and I will keep on fighting. We didn't obtain satience and sapience just to follow others without thinking for ourselves. If you want to be the leader of the Norse gods or of whatever, you need to show that you are someone worth be followed."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1