Chapter 967: Will

Chapter 967: Will

Once Ryan heard that, he immediately teleported to where the angels were fighting, and he used Time Skip. Using his newest weapons that had the power of the deadly sins probably wasn't a good idea, so Ryan bombarded Lucifer with dozens of copies of the Holy Crossbow.

"Hmm?" Lucifer frowned when he felt a new presence and the power to manipulate time.

In the next moment, everyone stopped their attacks when they saw a lot of heat being emitted by Lucifer's body. Until now, nothing damaged him, but it seemed that Ryan finally did it. He bombarded Lucifer with ten seconds with those crossbows in order not to show him how much he could control time, but in the end since he held back, he only caused that much damage.

"How interesting, a human that can manipulate time," Lucifer said. "It has been a while since someone who isn't those two damaged me."

The holy bolts were supposed to have caused critical damage, Ryan fired hundreds of them, but it wasn't enough. He bit his lips in annoyance, but at least he made Lucifer stop using his corruption.

"These powers you obtained my generals' powers somehow, what a bunch of dumbasses," Lucifer said and then sighed. "Having those powers for thousands of years and they still lose to humans"

Lucifer suddenly pointed his right finger toward Ryan, and then he felt something weird. His body was the same as always, but a powerful urge to eat and drink took over him. What bothered Ryan the most was the fact that the system didn't warn him of anything there wasn't a single skill in the system that could decrease the effects of Lucifer's magic.

Ryan's arrival bothered the angels, but they didn't lose sight of their goal. The four angels attacked him together, but Gabriel's arrows and Uriel's magic were stopped before they hit Lucifer. Michael and Lucifer were also stopped. They wanted to defeat Lucifer, but they didn't prepare a single thing against his magic

Ryan tried to ignore the agony of thirstiness and hunger for a second, and when the angels moved away, he used Time Skip again, and this time, he used Draconic Bow. The target felt the danger for his life, and he moved his arms to block the attack in time somehow. In the end, the fallen angel stopped the attack with both hands, but he still was pushed backward for several meters, and his hands were bleeding a little. Fortunately, that saved Ryan from Lucifer's magic. However, Lucifer teleported and grabbed Ryan by the neck.

"It seems that Earth has a worm more annoying than my little brothers," Lucifer said while showing a vicious smile.

"Fuck you, asshole," Ryan said. "Don't spread your stinking smell on this planet."

The four angels approached while carrying some spears of light, but once again, Lucifer stopped them by using Telekinesis. That wasn't good, if Ryan takes his time there, his neck will be broken, or Femradiel will join the fight. He couldn't let things escalate that fast, so he used Draconic Bow again.

This time, Ryan didn't skip the usual steps by using Time Skip, so the massive explosion made the entire area tremble. Dozens of monsters taken by the corruption were vaporized instantly, and somehow, the angels and the others escaped unscathed.

When the dust began to dissipate, everyone saw Ryan slightly wounded and Lucifer emitting a lot of steam from his hands. Ryan freed himself, but his attack at point-blank range still hadn't been that effective. Lucifer had some crazy reflexes, and Ryan couldn't quite understand which of the seven deadly sins granted him that.

"I can't believe this. you came to face me just to free a warg from my influence?" Lucifer frowned. "Humans truly are nothing but apes how pathetic."

Ryan immediately understood how Lucifer could react so fast he was reading Ryan's mind. Unfortunately, Mind Armor didn't work against the fallen angel.

"Don't you think it will be pretty interesting if I make you face that dirty dog?" Lucifer asked. "Let's see how much I have to pay to obtain control over him"

Ryan frowned when he heard that as if something like that were possible or was it? If Ryan could obtain so many things with Greed power, then perhaps

"Don't worry, Ryan," Femradiel said via Telepathy. "Furball is part of the Mana Link. All this mana will protect him from whatever Lucifer might try."

"Oh my how come it is so expensive to obtain control over a dirty dog?" Lucifer frowned. "With this many coins, I can have much more fun doing other things."

It was hard to believe, but it seemed that with Greed power, Lucifer really could obtain control over others. How does that make any sense? Possibly, since some people could turn mana into coins, then Lucifer could do the reverse and buy magic with his coins. Not only that, with his power, he could cause any effect. With a weird power like that, Ryan began to understand why angels only accepted people in their ranks that abandoned their free will. Otherwise, they would be easily influenceable like ordinary humans.

"Let's see if I can't use that dirty dog, then I will put those guys down there," Lucifer said.

Even without looking, Ryan knew who Lucifer was talking about, he tried to use Time Skip and then activate Mana Link on Yahiko, Natasha, and Fang Shi, but Ryan didn't do it in time. When Ryan looked at them, Ryan saw them trembling as if they were trying to free themselves from something invisible. However, it was useless...

"Shit" Ryan muttered.

Before Ryan or even Lucifer could do something, Michael suddenly teleported to Ryan's side. It seemed he had a few things to do and say.

"Don't worry, one's free will can't be taken that easily," Michael explained. "Lucifer's magic has a continuous cost. If you hold them back for a while, he will eventually give up."

"I can hear you, Michael" Lucifer said and then sighed. "As usual, you are so quick to spoil my fun."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1