Chapter 968: Retreat

Chapter 968: Retreat

While he was stopping the angels' attacks with his unknown defensive spell, Lucifer used Yahiko, Natasha, and Fang Shi to attack Ryan. He reached a level where they couldn't face him properly, but together, they were quite troublesome.

As if she couldn't care less about the amount of mana she was using, Natasha tried to hit Ryan with Electric bolts. The speed of those was quite something, and she was quick to fire them in the worst moments. Like when Fang Shi began to fly and dashed toward Ryan in a straight line, Ryan moved backward to escape it, but he had to stop soon because the next bolt almost hit his left side.

When that scene repeated itself, Ryan tried to escape from the side, but then Yahiko swung his blade and made a vast concentration of energy pass nearby his beck, almost beheading Ryan.

"Ryan my apologies," Yahiko said with his face red, trying to struggle against the control.

"It is all right, just don't fight against the control too much," Ryan said. "You look like a tomato which is about to explode."

"How can you say such a thing at the moment like this" Natasha said.

"It can't be helped. Showing any more annoyance will only make that asshole feel better," Ryan said. "Still what are those guys doing?"

Ryan expected more from the angels. They said that they would face Lucifer as if it was the most obvious thing to do in the world. However, they had yet to cause any damage to the target. Holy magic was highly effective against Lucifer, but it was only useful if it hit the target. If only they could learn what Odin learned after using Gungnir

"... Wait a minute," Ryan muttered.

Ryan thought of a way of granting them that power. He didn't use Gungnir until now because he didn't want to risk it being stolen. However, he didn't have to worry about that anymore Ryan summoned Gungnir for a second before using Instant Analysis. Once he did that, he also used Spectral Summoning and Mana Compression to create a copy of Gungnir. The mana is required to make that fifty million mana points. Ryan only succeeded because of Mana Link.

After checking the weapon, Ryan confirmed that it could be held. However, it had some limitations. The farther away it gets from Ryan, the weaker it becomes. Not to mention, the more it is used, the weaker it gets.

"Is it a limitation due to the level of the skill?" Ryan wondered.

That could be answered later. Ryan teleported the weapon and gave it to Michael since he was the only spear wielder of the four angels. He quickly understood the nature of the weapon and then nodded while looking at Ryan.

"Hey that power is the same as Ymir," Lucifer said with a severe expression on his face. "How can you use that after fighting against him only once?"

Ryan ignored that and began to think about how he should convert the data obtained by Instant analysis to create an arrow with the same properties. However, nothing came to mind. When he used that skill, he noticed that he couldn't quite use the data the way he wanted. The reason why was hard to explain. It was like the data worked in a manner that Ryan couldn't understand. Putting it in simple terms, it was like trying to read the data of a USB drive on an old radio.

The data couldn't be edited because the skill also read the shape and the size of the object like it was absolutely necessary all those skills could only work if they were used one after the other. It seemed that Ymir created them with the single idea in mind of copying other things.

Regardless, Lucifer began to have some trouble in controlling Yahiko, Natasha, and Fang Shi because Michael was using the spectral spear to attack him from a distance. The difference between their powers still was like heaven and Earth. Still, Michael was making wounds appear, and blood was finally covering Lucifer's body. Thanks to that, his body also began to increase in size.

"Here we go again" Ryan said and then sighed.

Mephisto did the same thing. He got angry, he grew in size, and his power also increased. However, there was one problem Lucifer could do that indefinitely.

"I can feel in you a fraction of that power," Lucifer said. "This shouldn't be possible. Only I obtained that power"

Ryan frowned when he heard that. Was Lucifer talking about Ymir's power? If that were the case, something was off or was he referring to Merlin? In any case, Ryan used that chance to drain all the mana of Yahiko, Natasha, and Fang Shi now that Lucifer stopped them from moving. He did that instantly after teleporting behind them and touching their necks. The exhaustion made them collapse, and Ryan also sent them to the Void World. Now Lucifer won't be able to make them cause trouble in the real world.

Lucifer watched Ryan do that in silence for some reason. The anger still was making his body grow, but it seemed that he didn't have to become stupid like Mephisto for that to work. Regardless, Michael still was causing damage, but little by little, the wounds caused were getting smaller that wasn't good.

"Shit he can't use his holy magic alongside the copy of Gungnir," Ryan muttered. "Only Odin can do that, and it isn't something I can solve."

Absolute Summoner class opened a few closed doors for Ryan, but it obviously wouldn't solve all his problems. It was even more obvious considering the level of the skills

"... I will take my leave now to confirm a few things," Lucifer suddenly said. "Don't you think that you can escape from me, human? I will return soon enough, and if you try to hide, I will destroy this whole planet in an instant."

After declaring that Lucifer disappeared, the monsters that got dominated by corruption became much weaker thanks to the fact that he wasn't nearby. However, while that served well for the alliance, Ryan still felt pretty pissed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1