Chapter 965: Worries

Chapter 965: Worries

In the blink of an eye, the holy knights under the four angels' command surrounded Lucifer. Their numbers had grown a lot in the last month, now they were numbered in the two thousand mark. According to Femradiel, their numbers still didn't reach the same as her timeline. Still, thanks to the Void World, the overall power of each holy knight was higher than she remembers.

Without wasting any time, the holy knights attacked Lucifer from all directions with Holy Arrows. It was impossible to dodge them all since they were being fired from all possible angles and at the same time. However, Ryan didn't feel any alteration in Lucifer's presence.

"Another weird power he isn't getting hit, but his body isn't ethereal like Ymir's," Ryan muttered.

"He dodged Michael's attack by using his speed, I am certain of it," Zeus said. "However, now he is eating the energy of the attacks just before they hit him at the same time. You managed to produce weapons with that kind of power, right?"

"That is right, but for a single being to absorb two thousand projectiles every single moment without failing" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Even without seeing his status properly, Ryan could see that Lucifer really reached a god-like level in using the powers of the deadly sins. It was hard to say with precision, but if each demon general had the same power level as of an intermediary elder god, then Lucifer probably had the same power as hundred elder gods. After all, with each upgrade, the demonic and the divine classes granted a massive power up to their users.

At some point, the four angels gave the order to the holy knights to stop. Long-ranged attacks of that level were useless. When Lucifer appeared again, the refreshing smile on his face only proved that.

"Now, can we talk?" Lucifer asked. "You guys are as cold as always."

Based on what Merlin saw of the demon generals abilities, he probably had a good idea of Lucifer's true power. However, Merlin being Merlin, he wouldn't grant Ryan the same powers that easily. Even if Ryan tries to obtain the same power, it wouldn't be the same at low levels and without the experience that Lucifer has.

The angels weren't the type who would go slowly against their most hateful enemy, so they gave the order to the holy knights to use Angelique Transformation. Their status increased exponentially as those people gained wings and began to emit the same aura that prevented other people from seeing their faces. Once that happened, the holy knights dashed toward Lucifer as if they were moving at light speed as well. Although Ryan wasn't using the skill, even in his human form, he could see the traces of their magic being left behind as they dashed toward Lucifer. By enveloping their bodies with light, they granted the ability to move that fast. Several of those angels tried to hit Lucifer at the same time using that technique. Still, while Lucifer couldn't dodge that, he easily stopped them before they hit him with Telekinesis.

"As usual, you four are pretty convincing at making others give up on their individuality," Lucifer said while shrugging. "What is the point of having power if you can't use it the way you truly want? Your reasoning is so weird"

After saying that, Lucifer grabbed two holy knights by the neck after saying that, and even though his hands began to emit smoke, he didn't feel slightly troubled. After a while, the holy knights lost all the energy in their bodies, but then Lucifer frowned.

"How utterly boring they can't even receive the power of corruption anymore," Lucifer said while his face was showing complete and total disinterest.

Lucifer snapped their necks and threw their bodies on the ground. However, two angels approached the bodies and healed them in a single instant. Unfortunately, those two that were revived were forced to withdraw because they had lost all their mana and stamina.

"Since it is like this then I suppose it can't be helped," Lucifer sighed and then pointed his hands to the sides.

The four angels tried to attack him, but they were stopped a few meters away from Lucifer as if they had hit an invisible barrier. When they tried to attack, the same barrier also stopped their weapons. Soon after, the entire world began to tremble, and Ryan began to feel shivers. He noticed on his left side that Femradiel was making a really angry expression it seemed that she knew what was happening.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Corruption Sense has leveled up.

Those alerts made Ryan realize what was happening Lucifer was using his magic to turn all the monsters in the world into misshapen creatures by the power of corruption. Even the monsters outside the domains were trembling while they were trying to resist that power, and Ryan bit his lips in annoyance when he saw Furball struggling against it.

"This isn't good. The more powerful the targets are, the easier the corruption can influence them," Femradiel said. "At this rate"

"We can attack all the monsters that will grow wild thanks to the corruption from here," Isis said. "As for our allies that might be influenced, we can stop them by using Anger Manipulation."

"That won't solve the problem. It will only delay the unavoidable," Ryan said.

"I know, still, you are acting too harshly," Isis said. "The angels only used the Holy Knights until now, and they still have yet to use the humans on their side."

"In this situation, using them might not be a good idea," Athena said. "Remember, humans can turn into cursed dragons by Lucifer."

"If things reach that point, we will intervene, but for the time being, we need to wait," Isis said. "Not to mention, you won't be able to keep Merlin working if you fight now. We need his analysis of Ymir's power."

That was annoying to admit it, but Isis was right. Soon after, Ryan saw thousands of humans being led by Yahiko and Natasha to join the fight. They were strong, but Ryan only got more worried when he looked at Natasha's belly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1