Chapter 962: Trust

Chapter 962: Trust

It didn't take long for the copy to find a way to bother Ryan as well. The creature began to use a crossbow made of darkness that didn't fire bolts, but that could damage him the very moment the trigger was pulled

"How can he use the effect of the Absolute Death Crossbow when I don't have it anymore?" Ryan frowned as soon as he activated Mana Barrier to protect himself.

The damage of those attacks now that Ryan's level of divinity wasn't something to laugh at, so he was forced to use that defensive spell. Nevertheless, staying on the defense like that would take too much mana. He had to decide now

"For how long Merlin?" Ryan asked.

"At this rate, the analysis of this skill will take twenty or so hours," Merlin replied. "I can do faster in the Void world, but you can't use that skill while you are here."

Ryan clicked his tongue. He couldn't wait for so long. He also couldn't show more of his cards to Ymir, so he returned to the basics. After using Golden Arrow and Perfect Aim, the copy was also forced to use Mana Barrier when it was surrounded by hundreds of those projectiles. Once that happened, Ryan did the same while using Light Speed and Diamond Crossbow. The creature actually reacted on time to escape. Still, once that happened, Ryan used Teleport and then attacked the monster from behind while using Mjolnir. In the end, the copy was attacked from two angles and suffered so much damage that it began to evaporate.

You obtained 25.989 coins.

You obtained 25.989 coins.

You obtained 25.989 coins.

...

"Interesting, you increased the effects of your spells to prevent the copy from doing the same things by using Mana Manipulation," Ymir said. "You also have more mana than you are supposed to have. Since you aren't using Soul Eater, you must be using the effects of Mana Link. Adding all that to the fact that you have the original Mjolnir and can even move at the speed of light you are quite resourceful."

It was quite annoying to be analyzed like that. Still, in the end, Ryan couldn't do anything since it might make Ymir change his behavior.

"If I remember right, Earth began to produce mana a year ago, so it doesn't make any sense that you should be able to do all this," Ymir said. "Is this your influence, little one?"

"Maybe? Even if you are right, does that change anything? Why are you interested in the subject?" Merlin asked.

"Because it is unnatural," Ymir said. "Not even if we were to decide that, we wouldn't be able to create a being that can have so much divine and corrupt energy. I am quite impressed that this human didn't become an unrecognizable mass of flesh when two forces opposing each other are so strong inside him."

By we, Ymir was probably talking about Chronus and Lucifer. In any case, it wasn't surprising that they could give divine or corrupt energy to the creation of them, but even so, they couldn't do it freely. While they didn't have physical limitations, their creations had.

"Not to mention, you are fighting with some leeway," Ymir said. "I suppose we can't stop these tests before making you reveal what you can do if you try hard enough. I suppose a few copies of yourself should be able to balance against Mana Link."

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. Instead of fighting the copies, it was time to face Ymir. It was the only option. Otherwise, he will only waste time, and more information about him will be revealed.

Although Ryan had no idea what would be effective against Ymir yet, Ryan decided to use something he clearly disliked the power of the demons. Ryan summoned his newest crossbows and then pulled the trigger of all of them by using Telekinesis. In the end, much to Ryan's surprise, Ymir didn't even try to dodge. The surprises didn't end there, though. The projectiles passed by Ymir as if he was a ghost. Not a single effect of the bolts was activated.

"... Shit," Ryan muttered.

"I suppose you didn't listen when I said that I had transcended the physical realm," Ymir said. "Attacks of that level will never hurt me."

While it was annoying, at least it informed Ryan that higher-level attacks could damage Ymir. Maybe Ryan should test Draconic Bow it was Ryan's only attack skill that was at the level max, after all. However, Ryan was aware that Ymir was talking about another level not the level shown in the skill list.

Before Ryan could make his mind, Ymir summoned five dark copies of himself. That was starting to get troublesome Being underestimated and gain time while enduring that was one thing, but enduring that to satisfy the enemy's curiosity was beyond what Ryan could handle.

"Make him summon more of those and endure it for the time being," Merlin said. "With more copies like that, I will be able to analyze that power faster."

"But the world outside" Ryan muttered.

"What would be the point of joining an alliance if you don't trust your allies?" Merlin asked. "If you can't do that, then you should have tried harder in developing your skills."

It was a pain to admit it, but Merlin was right. He had to trust his allies, even those that were his enemies in the past, and still wanted his head.

When the five copies began to move, Ryan had a certain idea. The creatures pointed their crossbows toward him, and at the same time, they used Gravity Arrow. It was quite troublesome that they could use skills that Ruanv hadn't shown yet. Still, since they didn't use Time Skip or the power of the demons, Ryan knew their limitations.

Ryan summoned Snake Eyes Crossbow and Chaotic Hunger Crossbow to make things as convenient as possible. Using the second one, Ryan destroyed the enemies' projectiles, and the first one, he stole the mana from the enemies. Ryan didn't cause a single point of damage, but he was fine with that

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1