Chapter 969: Angelic Spearman

Chapter 969: Angelic Spearman

"What is the meaning of all this?" Ryan asked when they returned to the base. "We divided ourselves to face the three remaining enemies, but the first two groups didn't have a single countermeasure against the enemy's powers. Are we waiting for a miracle to win?"

"I can understand what you are feeling, Ryan," Isis said. "But you can't expect to defeat those three on the first encounter. They are the types who won't show their powers unless they deem necessary, so we can't use all our strength so fast."

"So, we are waiting for them to use all of their cards, and then we will use that knowledge to come up with a plan to defeat them in the middle of the battle?" Ryan asked.

"Yes there is no other way," Isis replied. "You also saw that they use abilities that we can't understand, so our only hope is to attack them when we know pretty much everything they can do. We will lose a lot, resources, manpower, allies but if we rush ahead without thinking, we will lose everything."

While that made sense, Ryan survived until now, going against that kind of reasoning. He defeated most of his enemies while they were looking down on him, so it was only apparent that he wouldn't try to change his style now.

"Rather than that, you created a copy of Gungnir using Ymir power, didn't you?" Isis asked. "Can you pass that knowledge to us?"

"A pretty bad replica if you ask me, but oh well" Ryan said and then shrugged.

Ryan tried to pass the knowledge of the three skills using Skill Bestowal, but that didn't work. So they had to rely on Merlin for that. Fortunately, Merlin could pass the knowledge even to the elder gods, and they had the coins necessary to obtain it a few of them had.

"This doesn't matter as we know" Isis said after she studied a copy of the stone she made with Spectral Summoning.

The other elder gods agreed, but they couldn't understand what it was either. Again, it seemed like something that wasn't supposed to exist they felt the same way as Ryan like they were inadequate to understand what that was.

"We can make copies of Gungnir with that, but not even with it, I can customize the copies," Odin declared. "Only spear wielders and a few archers might be able to use these. Not to mention, they won't last for long unless the skills are trained."

"Regardless, now we know that we have something that can wound Lucifer without relying on Time Manipulation," Michael said. "While you interrupted our battle, you still helped us. You have my thanks. Usually, I wouldn't give my power to someone who also has the power of demons, but I will make an exception now. Since you already have Draconic powers, you won't be able to receive my full blessing, but I believe that this will help you."

A light left Michael's power, and then it was absorbed by Ryan. He felt the same surge of energy appearing in his body when he defeated some of the elder gods. As expected, the four angels were also at that level.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Angelic Spearman!

You obtained the following skills: Light Spear, Angelic Protection, and Absolute Faith.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Light Spear.

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a spear of light that can cause five hundred percent more damage against demons and undead. The damage caused upon impact will be equal to your strength and dexterity, and the spell will cause damage over time for ten seconds that will be equal to 10 percent of your intelligence.

Cost : 10.000 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Angelic Protection.

Effect: the attack and effects caused by demons and undead will be five times less effective on you.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Absolute Faith.

Effect: it passively increases your health, mana, and stamina by 1000 points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

".... Thanks, I will make good use of it," Ryan said.

It was pretty obvious that by giving Ryan those skills, Michael wanted Ryan to help the angels in the next fight against Lucifer. If he wanted to be more persuasive, he should have made the other angels do the same. However, while he was their leader, he couldn't force them to follow all his decisions. Mainly the ones that didn't seem right, like giving his powers to someone who had the power of the demons as well."

"Anyway, let's use these moments of peace. We have to analyze the skills the enemies showed and then come up with countermeasures," Isis said.

"They didn't use those before?" Ryan asked.

"Obviously, while they are much more powerful than us, they wouldn't use the same trick twice against us," Isis said. "Aphrodite, that defensive barrier that Lucifer used seemed similar to yours, don't you agree? Any ideas how"

Isis suddenly stopped talking, and at the exact time, Ryan felt that something had changed in the world. Ryan couldn't quite tell what exactly changed, but he could feel that a massive presence was enveloping the world. It wasn't the same presence as before it seemed that Chronus finally decided to show up.

Congratulations! The skill Time Perception has leveled.

Congratulations! The skill Time Perception has leveled.

Congratulations! The skill Time Perception has leveled.

For some reason, it seemed like everyone began to move in slow motion, but eventually, they returned to normal. Ryan thought that only Femradiel would be able to recover if that was the influence of Chronus. Still, it seemed the reason was something else.

"He is here" Zeus said.

The Greek elder gods looked particularly tense probably Zeus shared with them a few things of what he knew about Chronus.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1