Chapter 964: Antithesis

Chapter 964: Antithesis

Odin finally revealed his secret, but as expected, it wasn't something that anyone could pull off. Rather than that, it was already awesome that he could use those three simultaneously and extend that ability to all of his spells.

"After studying Gungnir for many years, I mastered those three types of magic and then extended its effects to all my other attacks, but I only reached that level with that single goal in mind," Odin explained. "I think many can copy me and do the same after practicing for a few years, but only if you forget all the other applications of those skills. I did that and thanks to it, my abilities stagnated for a while and when the time came, I failed in causing any real damage to Ymir."

That explained a lot. Perhaps Ymir let him live because Odin was the only one aside from Chronus and Lucifer that could damage him, and he wanted to see the potential of one of his descendants. Regardless, Ryan could use those three types of magic, but copying them won't do him any good. He still had to come up with another more efficient way to cause damage on those three. Before that could happen, though, the world began to tremble, and hundreds of meteors began to fall. For some reason, they weren't falling where the group was.

"They are heading toward Israel, Vatican and England" Loki said while rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

"Now is Lucifer, huh" Isis furrowed her eyebrows. "Let's return to the base and see what we can do to help the angels."

Considering Ymir's words, the whole group understood that he wouldn't return for the time being, so all the elder gods returned to the base. However, when they showed up, the angels had already left. As expected, they were really eager to fight Lucifer and could let him destroy their bases.

"They said that they will inform us if something major happened," Zeus said. "In any case, it seems that you didn't cause any damage to Ymir and he wasn't even trying to wipe you out."

" We will have to worry about that later," Isis said. "We have to offer back up to the angels since they are the ones who have the most chances of killing Lucifer."

"I agree, but those four said that they will deal with Lucifer, unless something happens, we can't intervene," Odin nodded.

Ryan agreed. Joining their fight now would cause issues. In any case, the only thing he could do now was to help Merlin in analyzing that power that Ymir showed and make the results appear as soon as possible.

"Hey, Merlin, now that you heard from Odin the secret of his power, can you make a class with that kind of ability?" Ryan asked via Telepathy.

"Not without running some simulations and I also would need your help," Merlin replied. "I am not someone that can use those kinds of abilities, so you would have to serve as some kind of medium. Naturally, it also would take a while to see any results."

"What a pain" Ryan said and then sighed. "Just focus on analyzing Ymir's skill, then."

Ymir only showed a single skill they didn't know anything about, and they were having that much difficulty analyzing it. Things sure were looking grim Regardless, after a while, the meteors stopped falling, and Ryan saw the exact moment when that happened thanks to Clairvoyance. The four angels were attacking some huge-like ten kilometers long meteors and destroying them with their weapons. Their power was quite something

Eventually, the fallen angel himself finally showed up. As if he was mocking his ex-companions, Lucifer still was wearing a white robe. Most of the angels had that, after all. Aside from that, no one could find much angel-like in Lucifer's appearance. Ryan could see his face because he didn't have that Angelique aura anymore, and it was quite weird to see how handsome he was. If it weren't for his creepy smirk on his face, most people would have a hard time saying if he looked like a man or woman. Nevertheless, Lucifer had red hair and a pair of horns on his forehead. He also had some dark wings on his back, and those were pretty big, showing that he was the fallen angel among the fallen angels.

Lucifer

Class: ???/???/???

Race: --

Rank: --

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

"Brothers it has been a while," Lucifer said after he opened his arms as if he was waiting for a huge from the four angels.

Michael furrowed his eyebrows in anger and then dashed toward Lucifer with lightning-like speed. Still, in the end, he passed through him without causing any damage. Ryan frowned when that happened, though. He felt some mana being used, but he couldn't quite say how mana had been used. That being said, it was pretty obvious that Lucifer didn't transcend the same way as Ymir his powers had some sort of secret.

"Harsh as usual, Michael," Lucifer said. "Can't we talk a little before you guys try to kill me and fail miserably? You know, just for old time's sake?"

Ryan didn't know why, but Lucifer's voice really got on his nerves, even though he had the voice of someone who could be a great singer. Was it because of his sarcasm or because of his air of superiority? Regardless, he was completely different from Ymir. While Ymir said that clinging to emotions and to a physical form was meaningless, it seemed that Lucifer really enjoyed having a physical form, and he used every single moment or event to amuse himself. The fallen angel was Ymir's antithesis With that in mind, Ryan couldn't help but wonder What kind of being Chronus was? That kind of question was the type Ryan disliked the most since it would keep bothering him for quite a while...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1