Chapter 966: Consideration

Chapter 966: Consideration

While he was trying to control the level of corruption on Furball, he also watched the fight. In the blink of an eye, thousands of monsters had been taken by the corruption emanated by Lucifer, and now they were being teleported to near the battlefield of angels. Yahiko, Natasha, and Fang Shi came to fight Lucifer, but they were forced to change their goals and face the monsters.

A salamander suddenly approached Yahiko. While that monster wasn't supposed to be that strong even at level max, the power of the corruption made the creature grow three times its usual size. Yahiko planned to cut its head with a single strike, but he changed his mind when the monster opened its mouth, and dark flames came out of it.

Yahiko stepped backward and then enhanced his sword with ice magic, increasing its size tremendously. Still, the ice quickly melted before the power of the black flames. Yahiko only didn't suffer damage because his Ghost Armor protected him, but its durability decreased tremendously.

"No point in holding back against those, then," Yahiko said and then swung his sword.

Yahiko didn't hit anything, but those who had good eyes saw him sending a powerful wave of energy that beheaded the creature. A few meters away from there, Natasha was dodging the attacks of a corrupted king troll. The beast wasn't using magic, but its massive dark ice club was more dangerous than any spell she had seen so far.

"Let's see petrification crossbows?" Natasha said and then used two of those weapons and aimed at the troll, but she didn't notice any effect on that. "How about the Pure Flames Crossbow?"

Natasha summoned two red bows that fired two cannons of fire magic at the troll. Even though the creature was enveloped by flames, it didn't suffer any damage. Suddenly, the monster got close enough and almost crushed Natasha. In the end, thanks to that, Natasha noticed that the monster's skin was more covered in ice than she had imagined, and it wasn't the dark ice.

"Crazy Lightning Crossbows, then," Natasha said and then summoned a new pair of crossbows and paralyzed the monster with them until its brain was fried up. "I guess this will do against this type of enemy."

It looked like Natasha developed a fighting style that focused on dodging attacks and then trying different types of weapons. She apparently had quite the collection, and Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he influenced her on that. Regardless, he changed his vision to Fang Shi. Even though he never saw that guy fighting, it didn't take long for Ryan to confirm that he was pretty strong. He dashed at the monsters at lightning speed with his red spear and then pierced their brains while facing no resistance. He quickly selected a target, dashed in a straight line, and dealt critical damage.

"A fighting style focused on speed and critical hits, huh" Ryan muttered.

"The analysis is almost complete," Merlin said. "Weirdly enough, he didn't use only a single skill. He needed several to make those weird creatures."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Absolute Summoner!

You obtained the following skills: Instant Analysis, Mana Compression, and Spectral Summoning.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Instant Analysis.

Effect: It grants you the power to instantly analyze all the skills and status of the target as well as create a copy of the data by reading the memories of the target. This skill can work in all objects or living creatures.

Cost: 10.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Compression.

Effect: It grants you the power to compress large amounts of mana into all shapes and sizes. The skill level will determine the ability of the object to withstand large amounts of mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spectral Summoning.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a spectral copy of anything that you have analyzed. Suppose it is an object, even without existing in the physical realm. In that case, it will have the same influence as the original. If it is a living creature, the spectral copy will also have the same ability as the target to grow stronger.

Cost: It will vary according to the power level of the target.

You obtained 01 status points.

"What the hell" Ryan frowned.

"Those skills work together to create non-physical copies of the things he wants to summon, but those copies still have the same influence as the real ones," Merlin explained. "It seems like the highest level of the summoner class, but I don't think he would use his best skills so soon."

"Isn't that weird? How much mana one would need to summon copies of the elder gods?" Ryan asked.

"An unreasonable amount" Merlin said. "That is why I said that the analysis is almost complete. I couldn't find an answer as to how he could create powerful copies instantly. My guess is that he is cheating the system somehow truth to be told, I think he is following the rules that aren't supposed to work with the system."

That was very suspicious, but Ryan didn't have time to worry about that. The angels were attacking Lucifer non-stop, but they weren't making any progress. On the other hand, the influence of his corruption was growing stronger, and Ryan was having a hard time keeping Furball calm. Not to mention, the number of monsters was starting to overwhelm the humans on the battlefield. So many corrupted monsters were beyond the power of the survivors, even though they were armed with mithril armors and weapons that had some crazy effects of the deadly sins.

"Isis, I am trying to be a team player here," Ryan said via Telepathy. "But this is getting out of hand."

Isis knew that, but in the end, they still needed to consider the angels' feelings. Among the three factions, they probably were the ones who wanted to defeat their targets the most.

"All right if we send only you, it should prevent them from getting too annoyed," Isis said. "That being said, you should work with them."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1