Chapter 977: Tired

Chapter 977: Tired

The second attack had been even more powerful than before. Chronus still could feel Ryan's corruption active. Still, he knew that he wouldn't recover fast. The elder gods were also out of commission, so it was the perfect time to finish his job. However, before Chronus could do that, he felt a massive beam of energy coming from behind. He turned around, and then he blocked a dark breath with his hands. Soon after, he saw Alissa in her Draconic form. The corruption had taken over half of her body.

"Do you have a grudge against me as well?" Chronus asked. "Why? I gave you people the chance to damage me and prove that you can change the future, but you failed."

Alissa wasn't in the mood to talk, she saw many of her friends disappear, and that made the corruption inside her return to full power. After struggling for a while, she managed to control it and make plans to use that anger in her favor.

Alissa flew toward Chronus while she enveloped her right arm in the corruption. She saw what Ryan did before, so it was evident that Chronus could be damaged by corruption. However, even though she concentrated all the anger and energy on a single point, Chronus still stopped her using two fingers. He prepared to counterattack, but then he felt killing intent coming from behind.

In the end, Chronus just moved Alissa away with her left hand and turned around, and grabbed the half-turned Gustavo's sword with two fingers. Even though the corruption enhanced his Draconic powers, he only managed to do that much even though he was using a massive sword. The rage and shame only powered his attack, though. He had to avenge all his friends who had been killed.

Other people who had been fighting against the corruption began to fire magic toward Chronus as well, but he didn't feel most of those. When Chronus tried to launch a big attack and wipe them out at the same time, he was forced to stop when Arthur and Daniel suddenly flew toward him and tried to behead him, but he stopped their swords with the back of his hands.

"You are what a pity that you choose a different path this time," Chronus said as he was looking toward Arthur.

Chronus had the experience of Femradiel's timeline, so he also knew what Arthur could have become given a few more years and if he had chosen to be a mage. It seemed that he had some potential as well as a swordsman, but it wasn't on the same level.

When Chronus prepared to attack those two, several arrows fell over him, and before that could happen, he knew their effects. They would steal his mana and then explode those peculiar arrows would be quite troublesome against foes that have stupid amounts of mana. In the end, he just teleported away from the arrows as he looked toward Mia and Zoe.

It seemed that the humans regained the will to fight, but that wasn't enough Suddenly, Chronus saw hundreds of Zeus Bolts flying toward him. He couldn't believe that Zeus had recovered so much mana, and he was already wasted. Still, then he saw him surrounded by a group of humans, passing his blessing to them.

"Oh this is knew," Chronus said.

Chronus knee of some timelines where the elder gods gave their power to many people, but those were only humans who had been serving them for years. Now, it looked like even Zeus was giving a portion of his powers to humans who didn't know. The other elder gods were doing the same, and if that keeps up

Chronus stopped for a moment to use Foresight and see what would happen if things continued like that. If he were to leave now, the elder gods would keep doing that, strengthening humans by giving their blessings to them. Thanks to that, even though they lost many allies, they will be able to put up a better fight. However in two weeks, all of them will still be killed.

"If only they had done that while they had all those people on their side" Chronus thought.

There was no point in considering what if Chronus, who could see the future and had the experience of thousands of other Chronus, knew that better than anyone else. Certain things only happen when everyone is forced to do unbelievable things, and those same things can only happen in rare moments.

While that had never happened before, Chronus wondered what else needed to be done for him to see a future that he hadn't seen yet. There was no point in changing things only to delay the inevitable. Perhaps if the elder gods throw their pride aside and give power to all remaining humans, maybe something will change. However, doing that would only worsen their condition. They would be giving a fraction of their energy, after all. It was only obvious that doing that thousand of times would be detrimental. However, the Humans wouldn't have time to develop those powers, and so it was too risky, and the elder gods couldn't take it.

They had another option, though. Share their power among themselves. It was hard to know what would happen if they suddenly obtained the influence of too many others, but they didn't know what would happen to them. Still, they knew someone who got used to having so many different types of power inside him. Without Femradiel, he wasn't able to control all the forces inside him, but now that he had become a Cursed dragon and if he obtained his goal to kill Chronus, then perhaps

"I suppose that is impossible Many of those elder gods were defeated by him, they wouldn't throw that much mud on their names," Chronus thought.

Chronus was tired of all that. Considering small changes in some events to prevent the destruction of the universe. Those happened numerous times, but that hope betrayed him equally numerous times. It was time to end all that and perhaps stop that cycle where he always sent his conscience to the past. However, Chronus stopped for a moment when he saw Odin and Zeus walking toward Ryan.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1