Chapter 973: Wrath

Chapter 973: Wrath

While everyone was preparing to launch their best attacks, Ryan was wondering which attack he should use. Continuous shots of Draconic Bow were possible thanks to Mana Link, but considering that the target was Chronus, firing a spear of dark ice like an arrow and using the same method Ryan used to knock out Zeus seemed like the best option. After all, Ymir and Chronus could be damaged by corruption. Otherwise, nothing explains how Lucifer can damage them However, Ryan could see that everything that approached Chronus to disappeared, be it snow or even the wind. A powerful attack probably wouldn't do anything

"We can damage Lucifer, but we still don't know how to do the same on Ymir and Chronus" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe a higher-level version of the attacks Lucifer already showed... but he only showed physical skills."

Those three were mage-type enemies, but Lucifer only showed physical skills and some tricks to bother his enemies with the deadly sins. He clearly was underestimating everyone. As for Chornus, he didn't have to do anything to protect himself but maybe if Ryan uses Time Skip

Ryan decided to consult Femradiel, but she seemed strange. She was thinking just like Ryan about what she should do to achieve victory, but her eyes were looking at Chronus as if she could and yet couldn't see him.

"What is wrong?" Ryan asked.

"It is nothing. It is just" Femradiel tried to reply, but then she hesitated.

"Don't worry about it. We will change the future that we saw, no matter what happens," Ryan said. "I am the almost undefeated underdog, and I don't plan on losing that title now."

"Almost undefeated?" Femradiel frowned. "That sounds so stupid."

Now that Ryan thought about it, Femradiel had been pretty quiet since they saw that vision. No maybe even before that, she was too quiet. She didn't mention many things about Chronus, probably because she didn't have the chance to fight or meet him in her timeline, but something about him was bothering her.

While Ryan was thinking about what to do and what to ask to her. Those fifty minutes passed, and everyone began to prepare their attacks. In the end, Ryan had a certain idea, a risky idea, but an idea nonetheless. Before anything, he summoned Gungnir and then used Dark Ice Breath to cover the entire weapon in the dark ice. That should give the projectile the properties that he wanted.

After creating that massive arrow, Ryan summoned the Hydra's Bow and upgraded it as many times as he could. After that, he began to charge the projectile with all the mana and stamina he could gather. On his left side, Femraidel was also preparing for her attack. However, Ryan only saw her pointing her arms upward, and there was nothing above. After using Clairvoyance, Ryan saw a massive Ice Spear growing in size in the space.

While flying above the alliance soldiers, Zeus had grown so big that he was at the size of a dragon, and his pores were making blood flow. It seemed that he had reached his limit, but he still didn't want to stop. The other elder gods were also preparing massive attacks. So, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if they release all the energy and Chronus dodges it, won't they destroy the world? Was that what Chronus was after? It seemed a pretty roundabout way to destroy the world

When the time came, Ryan used Draconic Transformation. The others who could use the skill also did the same. Alissa, Gustavo, Lucas, and all the others. Eventually, Athena raised her right arm and then pointed toward the target. In an instant, everyone launched their best attacks toward Chronus. Instead of seeing anything hitting him, just a massive curtain of light blocked their vision.

Those who had good senses knew that the vast concentration of mana being fired at the same time toward the single target reunited and created an explosion like no other in a sense, it could be compared to the Big Bang. However, that explosion had been really different than all the others. Aside from the curtain of light-blocking their vision, nothing happened. No sound of an explosion, no shockwave, no heat absolutely nothing.

Eventually, the curtain of light began to dissipate until everyone finally was able to see Earth again. They had imagined that such junction of so many attacks would destroy the region to some extent, but that never happened. All the energy of the attacks, all the light had been absorbed by the Chronus barrier. A barrier that used the time to absorb everything.

"I am disappointed for humans, failure is something that can't be avoided," Chronus said. "But even for the elder gods to fail like this while unleashing their best attacks under the best condition What have you people doing in the last thousand of years?"

Chronus' words cut deep Ryan imagined that the elder gods were feeling the same way he felt when he faced Lilith for the first time. However, he felt even worse than that had he lost his mind when he decided to face a being like that? For starters, what could humans to accomplish while facing a being that can give birth to new species? Femradiel and Ryan had used all the mana they had gathered in the last few weeks, and that didn't cause any damage to Chronus' barrier.

Ryan undid his transformation and then approached Femradiel. That was probably the end. Ryan held Femradiel's trembling hands to calm her down, but he didn't know what to say to make the expression of terror on her face disappear.

"Ryan, I am" Femradiel said, and then she touched her belly with her left hand.

Ryan's mind went blank was Femradiel trying to achieve something by lying at such a moment? However, before Ryan could think or before Femradiel could finish her sentence, she suddenly disappeared, and Ryan felt his connection with her disappearing. Many other people around also began to disappear, people that Ryan knew and people that he didn't.

"As promised, I will destroy this world," Chronus declared. "But before that, you all need to disappear."

Ryan knew that Femradiel couldn't die before him. The contract made him sure of that, but does that contract have any meaning before Chronus' power? Ryan's heart and body grew colder and colder. Until his eyes were covered by darkness.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1