Chapter 979: Losses

Chapter 979: Losses

Chronus activated his Temporal Shield to block the arrows, but he still felt something piercing his back in the end. Thanks to the skill, he knew that Ryan would do that, but he needed to check if Ryan had obtained the strength necessary to face those two he hadn't.

"You were stronger before," Chronus said as he turned around and saw Ryan's claws covered by thick but sharp shadows. "Still, I suppose you are not more skilled now."

Ryan was tired of listening to Chronus. So, he used Personal Mastery to edit the level of his skills. It was quite a helpful skill, and it made Ryan wonder how he defeated Thor if he had that, or was it Zeus who had it? It didn't matter

"Merlin, you saw me using some different skills before, didn't you?" Ryan asked while he was editing his skills. "Why didn't you turn those into a class already?"

"You copied Chronus, to some extent, but the skills still are incomplete," Merlin replied. "You only copied Temporal Barrier, I need more Intel to quantity his powers as a class."

Before Ryan could ask how Chronus punched the air and Ryan felt the pressure pushing him backward. However, he stopped it with his arms. The effectiveness of his strenght was decreasing by the minute.

"Oh I suppose I can take this to the next level," Chronus said.

Chronus was finally going to fight for real, and now a single mistake might make hundreds of bystanders die. So, aside from the leaders of each group, those who could use corruption, and the elder gods, Isis made everyone evacuate.

"Before you continue fighting, you should see this," Merlin said. "Your greed made you become a Greed Demon God."

Congratulations! The class Greed Demon King has reached level Max.

Congratulations! The class Greed Demon King has evolved into Greed Demon God.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one thousand points once this class levels up. The effects of the previous class' skills have doubled.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Absolute Buying.

Effect: It grants you the power to buy anything and everything with coins. Be it living beings or objects. The effect of the skill can be temporary or absolute.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Absolute Bet.

Effect: It grants you the power to bet on anything. If you win the bet, you gain the double of coins you bet. If you lose, you lose everything. You can bet up to one million coins per level of this skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Money Physics.

Effect: It grants you the power to block all damage using coins. It also grants you the power to take the same amount of coins from the enemies instead of causing damage.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan wished that those skills were even more battle-oriented, but he decided not to complain. When Chronus approached and tried to punch him, Ryan ignored and activated the skill while he also prepared to punch Chronus. In the end, the enemy protected his eyes with his left hand and hit Ryan's stomach with his right hand. However, Ryan achieved his goal of blocking his vision and then grabbing his left hand.

You lost 15.897.087 coins.

You obtained 2.029.778 coins.

Once again, numerous arrows flew from behind Ryan toward Chronus. He tried to activate the Temporal Shield, but he failed since Ryan was holding his left hand. Chronus tried to spin Ryan around and use him as a shield, but he failed. Money Physics prevented him from causing any harm to Ryan. In the end, Chronus got hit by dozens of arrows enhanced by Power Shot, and his face got red at the points it was hit.

"To think that such low level skill would damage me this much" Chronus furrowed his eyebrows and then moved away from Ryan.

Direct attacks won't work, at least if Chronus doesn't use magic. He didn't want to rely on that since things might end too fast, but it couldn't be helped Chronus used his Speed and attacked Ryan many times in a row. Once he makes sure that he is out of coins, Ryan won't be able to do anything.

You lost 11.987.333 coins.

You lost 11.987.333 coins.

You lost 11.987.333 coins.

Ryan more or less could see Chronus sense where Chronus was going to attack. Still, counterattacking was impossible. He deactivated Money Physics and then let Chronus hit him. The attack of his real punch made him spin in the air. It caused a powerful shockwave that made even the ground several kilometers below the crack.

Ryan could use Light Speed to be able to keep up with Chronus, but that wouldn't change anything. He knew that Chronus wanted to see if he could become strong enough to face Ymir and Lucifer and prevent the destruction of the universe that even he couldn't. Ryan couldn't become strong by staying on the defensive his strength comes from his relentless attacks.

"Let's return to the basics" Ryan said, and then the look in his eyes changed.

Ryan summoned his Immobilizing Crossbow and the Spiritualist's Crossbow. Those weren't his best weapons, but they will make it do. Chronus found it interesting that choice of weapons, but he also looked disappointed. For him, to grab those bolts before they could activate their effects and destroy was an easy matter. However, when Ryan fired them, they were covered by his corrupt energy. Chronus grabbed them using only their fingers, but he still suffered damage thanks to extra energy. As if that was only natural as well, the bolts also applied their effects.

When the next ones flew toward him, Chronus just punched the air and blocked them using the shockwaves. At the same time, he tried to hit Ryan, but as if he could see through him, all the attacks were dodged.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1