Chapter 978: Possibilities

Chapter 978: Possibilities

"Zeus" Odin said once he reached the crater where Ryan was.

"Odin" Zeus said once he reached the crater where Ryan was.

They looked at each other, wondering who should do it first. No one wanted to bear the shame of being the first of the leader of the elder gods to help someone who defeated them. Not to mention, granting the power of their own volition this time will make Ryan reach a new level in his abilities.

"I will let you have the honor," Zeus said.

"You possibly can't be trying to outsmart me," Zeus," Odin showed a small smile. " We are wasting our time here."

"I suppose we can't be pesky right now" Zeus said and then sighed. "Still, what an unsightly human. His body is in pieces, only the corruption is preventing him from falling apart after getting hit so many times."

"I couldn't agree more," Odin nodded. "However, it is obvious that Chronus thinks that he is the only one who can defeat him. We are beings who reached the apex of this world and stayed there for too long without improving ourselves. We reached the apex in our own fields of expertise, but this one here didn't choose his path for power he tool them all. Maybe that is why Chronus is testing him."

"After this, we won't be the strongest of this world anymore but I suppose this can be a fresh start for us," Zeus said.

Odin nodded, and then they pointed their right hands toward Ryan at the same time. They didn't have second thoughts once they decided that it was the only path available to reach their goals. They sent waves of energy toward Ryan's body.

Congratulations! The class Magic King has reached level Max.

Congratulations! The class Magic King has evolved into Magic God.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one thousand points once this class levels up. The effects of the previous class' skills have doubled.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Arcanescience.

Effect: It grants you the power to learn all kinds of skills, even those who need a high level of divine energy.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Speed Cast.

Effect: It grants you the power to cast all types of spells without worrying about their casting time. This skill also grants you the power to cast as many numbers of spells as you wish for.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Mastery.

Effect: It passively increases the effect and damage all of your spells by one percent per level

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The class Thunder King has reached level Max.

Congratulations! The class Thunder King has evolved into Thunder God.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one thousand points once this class levels up. The effects of the previous class' skills have doubled.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Dominance.

Effect: It grants you the power to use electric attacks without using mana. The level of the skill will also give you the power to control electric attacks cast by others.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Energy Control.

Effect: It grants you the power to control all forms of energy within your reach. The level of the skill will determine how fast you can obtain control over the energy targeted.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Personal Mastery.

Effect: It grants you the power to pass the level of skills to other skills without losing status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

Thanks to the massive boost in status, the pain in Ryan's body decreased exponentially. As if that wasn't enough, probably thanks to Energy Control, he opened his eyes, and he wasn't blinded by the corruption. At the same time, he didn't lose cursed dragon form. That was convenient, but at the same time, he wished that he didn't have recovered his sanity Chronus made Femradiel's body disappear using time magic, and his heart was taken by regret and anger. He realized that he could use Energy Control also to let his rage and greed control him, but that would be cowardice he had to face Chronus while his mind was clear, or he wouldn't feel satisfied with the result.

Ryan looked above and saw Odin and Zeus. In the end, they decided to throw away their pride in order to do something that could help them attain victory. They looked at Ryan only once before leaving to return to the battle.

"You are back," Merlin said. "It is a pity that I won't be able to see you fight like that again."

"... Is that what you have to say?" Ryan asked.

"Do you want me to comfort you?" Merlin asked. "I thought that at this point in time you would understand that I am just working and I don't want nor do I need to get sentimentally involved in this mess. Besides, if you gather enough mana, you can use Reset and go back in time and prevent her death."

"It won't be the same thing that image won't disappear from my head, I failed her and I failed my kid," Ryan clenched his teeth and then bit his lips.

"You saw the future with Foresight, you would fail anyway," Merlin said. "I won't say that you should be thankful for Chronus doing what he did, but he possibly opened the doors to another future, one where you might not fail, if you defeat him here."

That was easier said than done. Still, Ryan was determined to pull that off in one way or the other. He felt many presences disappeared, and he returned to the battle just in time when Daniel and Arthur were hit by one of Chronus' attacks, and they ended up hitting Zoe and Mia. Chronus moved his arm to attack and smash all of them at the same time, but Ryan appeared in front of Chronus and then tried to punch him. However, he disappeared, and then numerous dark arrows flew toward Chronus.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1