Chapter 988: Power

Chapter 988: Power

"We will have to sacrifice some of us, if we make powerful enough beings to cause an explosion of mana with their bodies, it will be enough to destroy even large planets," Michael said. "Around fifty holy knights should be able to create an explosion big enough to make any planet explode."

They were already talking about sacrifices without trying anything else. Ryan didn't like that, but he could understand Michael's reasoning. His people reached thus far made a lot of compromises. Most of them gave up even on their free will.

"Based on what we know about Lucifer, we can't say that this plan will be effective," Zeus said. "Lucifer can recover his mana indefinitely with the power of lust, so he will be able to keep attacking us like that for as long as he can. With that in mind, sacrificing our soldiers is the worst thing we can do now."

Zeus was quite the battle-oriented elder god, so he was used to losing soldiers. So, he talks like that seemed weird, but since he went all his way to say that, it became obvious that he was correct. Unfortunately, he didn't have another option to solve the matter.

"I suppose our best option is to use the temporal weapons Ryan created and aim to the core of those planets," Isis said. "Ryan, Artemis, and Apollo are powerful enough with bows and crossbows to cause massive damage with them, so we can leave them to bombard the core of some planets by themselves. We can't just keep watching that, though. The remaining elder gods will work together to attack as well. The humans will remain on standby and use their weapons if something happens."

Only those who had lightning-fast reflexes and Clairvoyance could hope to hit the core of those planets, so it was only obvious that most humans wouldn't be able to pull that off. Survivors like Femradiel, Zoe, Natasha, and Mia couldn't help but feel a bit annoyed since their skills with those weapons weren't enough. Now that Ryan thought about it, few Male humans used bows and crossbows

"Sit down and rest a little," Femradiel said and then put her hands on Ryan's shoulders to force her to lay down. "We have some time and you need to recover your strength."

Ryan obeyed since that was true. However, he couldn't quite relax since Ymir still was out there, and no one had any idea what he was up to. While Ryan was thinking about what to do, he suddenly noticed that some powerful and big presences had appeared. When he looked in that direction, he saw Alissa surrounded by hundreds of pendragons.

"That is right those guys can enhance our status," Ryan said.

"Nakine's dungeon is in my domain, so I decided to take those," Alissa said when she approached. "The world is United to face the last two enemies, so we need to use everything in our power."

"What about Nakine and his allies?" Ryan asked.

"They think that this battle is way out of their league and that their world might be the next target if they join this fight," Alissa said. "I also agree with that, so I didn't ask for their help. Anyway, let's divine those among us."

Summoning those dragons was quite expensive, so Nakine didn't summon many. He only had enough to enhance Ryan and the others with the power of the Draconic Lord class. Although there were enough dragons to enhance their status by three hundred percent, they only obtained a bonus of one hundred The dragons took too much space, and the effects of the skills were limited. Still, that power up was more than Ryan could ask for

"It is coming" Merlin said.

The next minutes passed in the blink of an eye, and Lucifer finally acted. Although the group still had more than forty minutes, they decided to stop the enemy as soon as possible. When Ryan used Clairvoyance, he saw several points in the part of the Solar system where Mars was supposed to be from that distance. It was pretty hard to tell, but Ryan could see forty or so planets the size of Earthmoving toward them. It was hard to say if it was due to Lucifer's influence or he chose the worst stars he could find. But those words seemed so dead that it was hard to find any color on them aside from black and red.

"We will test if this plan can work right now," Isis declared. "Ryan will attack the closest one and then Artemis, and then Apollo will do the same. Don't try to hold back, if you succeed on the first try, you can adjust the power later."

Ryan was itching to see if he actually could destroy a planet by himself. If he succeeds, not only will he boost the morale of his allies, but he also will annoy the heck out of Lucifer. After activating Time Skip, Ryan used Draconic Bow. The skill reached a level where Ryan could make it fly faster than light, and thanks to Time Skip, it hit dark-red planet was ahead of the others. It would be a lot easier if Ryan could have used a bow and fired many enhanced arrows, but that would take too much time, and only a bow made of mithril would make him show his true power.

At first, nothing happened. At least no one noticed what had happened since the plane was so far away and it was so dark. However, Ryan's attack created a hole in it that reached the other side. The core of the planet was destroyed. After a few seconds, all the matter began to spread around the universe in an ever-expanding radius.

Congratulations! The class Sun Lord has leveled up.

Congratulations! The class Sun Lord has leveled up.

"I suppose that it is not bad for a first try," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

Although Isis had proposed that idea and no one disagreed with it, the elder gods were quite shocked. A human finally obtained the power to destroy worlds like that in their entirety.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1