Chapter 987: Terrain

Chapter 987: Terrain

Survivors and elder gods watched Chronus turning into dust with mixed feelings. Some could understand his actions, and some of them couldn't forgive him. It was only obvious, though. After all, he killed many and destroyed Earth. He knew that Ryan could use Reset, but that doesn't change everything.

Congratulations! You have become a level one Time God.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one thousand points once this class levels up. The effects of all-time-related spells have doubled. You have learned the skills: Time Theft, Temporal Healing, and Temporal Conscience.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Time Theft.

Effect: It grants you the power to take away all the energy of a target and absorb the remaining time they have. You can absorb 0.1 percent of the target lifespan and increase yours. The effectiveness of the skill will increase by the same amount with each level up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Temporal Healing.

Effect: It grants you the power to speed up time to a point where all your wounds will have been healed.

Cost: 10.000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Temporal Conscience.

Effect: It activates upon death, and it sends your conscience to a point in time based on the level of their mana. You can send back your conscience in time in one second for each 10.000 mana points you have.

You obtained 01 status points.

Those new skills were pretty useful, and it was even more awesome that pretty much everyone gained those skills and status. However, after the battle, Ryan couldn't help but worry about it after the battle how would a world where thousands of humans and dozens of elder gods could control time like that?

While Ryan was thinking about that, he suddenly felt the world spinning, and then he fell to his knees. He survived the craziest of the battles, but it came with a price. Even though he had been healed, Ryan's condition wasn't good.

"Ryan!" Femradiel approached and gave him her shoulder to lean on.

"I am just a bit tired, but now is the moment of the truth," Ryan said. "We can't rest now."

"While you aren't wrong, your condition is worse than you can imagine," Isis said. "Rest for as long as you can, while we deal with the preparations for their arrival."

"I will feel less worried if I rest while I watch everything and I am sure that I won't be too late if something happens," Ryan said.

"Well, I suppose that is like you," Isis said and then shrugged. "Still, don't try to use your mana, otherwise you will collapse and get sick that way as before and you won't be able to fight for a while."

"She is right, you should rest," Merlin said. "Your spirit receives a lot of damage when you push your limits in a nonconventional way that being said, I don't think you will have the chance to do that."

"What do you mean?" Ryan asked.

"It is a bit hard, but I can feel Lucifer's presence when he get within a certain distance and he is apparently preparing some souvenirs," Merlin replied. "Why do they like to do that so often?"

"Why would you know that?" Femradiel frowned.

"I will explain later," Ryan said. "Right now, we need to prepare for some attacks."

"If I were you, I would keep your eyes on the sky," Merlin said. "Remember what Chronus did with the moon? Lucifer is doing the same with some planets."

Those who heard that opened their eyes widely. That was just insane, then again, considering that Chronus said that Lucifer could cause the destruction of the universe, firing planets shouldn't be something so hard to him.

"Which direction is he in?" Isis asked. "If he aims at the other side of the planet"

"Don't worry, given the power that Ryan has, he will definitely try to smash him directly," Merlin replied.

Without wasting time, Ryan created several copies of Diamond Crossbow. It was probably the best weapon the ordinary survivors could have. The only problem was that their dexterity determined their range, and survivors who focused on that were pretty few.

"How much time do we have?" Ryan asked.

"Probably one hour or so, he is teleporting those planets to this solar system, but he can't exactly collide and kill all of you by doing that," Merlin explained. "He can give them an impulse and make them hit Earth with Perfect Aim, though. Right now, he teleported ten of them to Mars, but he isn't satisfied with that. Once they began to move, you will have around forty five minutes."

It was quite weird hearing Merling being so precise with that calculus. Regardless, Lucifer was planning to destroy the world and not give humans any chance to fight back. Even if they tried to use Reset or any other form of time magic, they couldn't go back in time so much to prevent the attack.

"Maybe we should fight him on Mars" Femradiel said.

"If he can Teleport entire planets, we can't decide where the fight will be," Isis said.

"He also can just come back to Earth while we are away and destroy everything," Zeus said.

While they were thinking about what to do, the Angels and those who were with them in Israel finally showed up. When they heard about the news, they couldn't help but clench their fists. It seems like that wasn't the first time Lucifer had done such a thing.

"We can't let those planets get even a bit closer to Earth," Michael said. "Even If we destroy them from here, the fragments still will destroy a good part of the world. If we try to destroy them in outer space, wherever we decide to do it, we will only have a fraction of seconds to attack."

Ryan could imagine that. Since the planets could cross the distance between Earth and Mars in just forty-five minutes, they must be moving at one-third of the speed of light. That was like one hundred thousand of kilometers per second and seven times faster than Earth could move.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1