Chapter 985: Temporal Bow

Chapter 985: Temporal bow

Femradiel and the others didn't know how they could help. It was only natural since most of them didn't see what Ryan did with his last arrows. In the blink of an eye, he summoned several weapons that had the same effects as his arrows. Swords, bows, spears the cost to use them was quite high, and aside from the elder gods and leaders of each group, most survivors could only use those once or twice. The elder gods hesitated in putting away their main weapons, but it couldn't be helped.

Temporal Bow

Effect: at the cost of five thousand mana points, it grants you the power to fire arrows that can hit the target instantly no matter what.

Dexterity +800, Intelligence + 200

Durability: 1000/1000

"Those are different from the arrows from before," Chronus said. "Where is your weapon?"

"Thanks to you, I understand the tricks of time magic," Ryan said. "So, I don't need it anymore."

After saying that, Ryan summoned a Solar Arrow above him. Once it was complete, it disappeared and then reappeared, hitting Chronus' face. He reacted on time to prevent critical damage, but it still burned a small point of his face a little.

"Impressive you learned that you can stabilize the time magic if you enhance the exterior and interior of the projectiles at the same time," Chronus said. "I suppose, you learned that when you used Time Skip on the arrows."

That was right. Although the Enchantment worked, Ryan couldn't help but frown since the projectile was too stable, considering that the magic item was just made of steel. Usually, the more powerful the effect, the material needs to be of a higher quality. However, it seemed that time magic had its own rules

"Well then, let's finish this," Chronus said. "They will return soon and I don't want to deal with them anymore."

Chronus opened his right hand, and then Ryan felt a shiver. It looked like he wasn't planning to use big moves anymore, just the compact ones that were bound to hit Ryan. Although Ryan used Temporal Shield, he still got hit by something that he couldn't quite tell he couldn't see wounds, but he felt like his body was being ripped apart.

Congratulations! The skill Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Pain Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Time Resistance has leveled up.

Ryan's health was decreasing at an astonishing pace. What saved him was the Health Link created by Femradiel. Although his life was secure for a while, the pain was insane.

"A temporal attack that can't be blocked and doesn't have elemental attributes" Ryan muttered while his face was contorting in pain.

Before Ryan could prepare a counterattack, a single arrow appeared right in front of Chronus, and he grabbed it. His eyebrows twitched when he felt his mana being pierced and even more when several others appeared. Femradiel joined the battle, and then Chronus looked at her. Before he could do anything as well, numerous other arrows almost damaged Chronus. The other humans joined the fight as well. Unfortunately, their attacks weren't powerful enough to pierce Chronus' body.

Chronus was forced to move his arms around and then block the point of some weapons that suddenly appeared around him. The ones used by the elder gods bothered him quite a lot that was right. The weapons that Ryan produced, even the melee ones, could be used from a distance.

"This is starting to get annoying," Chronus frowned and then snapped his fingers.

Ryan stopped feeling the pain, but the wounds in Chronus' body disappeared instantly Time Reversal of Time Healing, it was only natural that he could do that. Regardless, that gave time for Ryan to make his move. He teleported to where Chronus was and then made hundreds of copies of Diamond Crossbow surround him. When all the triggers were pulled, Chronus imagined that Temporal Shield would protect him. After all, there was no way that Ryan would have enough mana to use time magic alongside so many projectiles at the same time. However, Chronus still got hit by three bolts.

You obtained 454.332 coins.

You obtained 454.332 coins.

You obtained 454.332 coins.

Chronus didn't bleed, but he saw that he had lost some skin and blood thanks to the bolts. That was right. Ryan managed to enhance three of those bolts with time magic while they were flying toward Chronus. Once again, he raised his right arm, and Ryan began to suffer. However, Ryan had been waiting for that. He opened his mouth and then used Dark Ice Breath.

Even though Ryan lost sight of Chronus for a moment, he realized that his spell had caused a lot of damage when the pain passed. However, suddenly, Chronus appeared and grabbed Ryan by the neck, he began to feel those types of pain again, and that prevented him from using his head.

"You sure learn fast, but this is enough," Chronus said.

Amidst the pain and agony, Ryan found the power to grab Chronus' arm. Now he won't have the chance to use Temporal Shield and Temporal Healing. If he does, he will heal Ryan as well. Ryan just had to endure the pain while his allies were attacking Chronus.

Health Link was lasting for longer than Chronus had imagined. He thought that Ryan wouldn't survive while he tried to break his neck and while he uses Temporal Pain, a spell that makes the target feel all the pain that he felt in the last year in a single instant. However, he was hanging in there.

The damage piled up, and Chronus decided to throw Ryan away in order to heal himself, but he didn't let his arm go. In the end, Chronus teleported them to the sun, which would increase the power of both of his attacks. While his plan worked at first, it also made Ryan's status increase. It made him recover more energy thanks to Solar Absorption and Sunlight Blessing. Chronus understood that he had messed up when Ryan summoned hundreds of Solar Arrows enhanced with time magic.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1