Chapter 990: Final Battle (1)

Chapter 990: Final Battle (1)

Chronus Mithril Bow +40 (Legendary)

Effect: at the cost of one thousand mana points, it grants you the power to fire arrows that can't be dodged and will hit the targets no matter where they are. You can fire as many arrows as you want at the same time.

Dexterity + 15.000, Intelligence + 5.000

Durability: 10.000/10.000

"Tsk this name pisses me off so much," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Ryan decided to cheat the system later. First, he focused on creating and upgrading Femradiel's weapon. At first, probably because of its size, the weapon was five times weaker. Still, once Ryan upgraded it, it became the most powerful weapon he had seen. If he had leveled and evolved the Lord of Blacksmithing class

"Ryan the planets are getting closer, we need your help," Artemis said.

"Ah, my bad," Ryan said.

Since he focused on that alone, he left Artemis and Apollo working alone. Regardless, he teleported the weapon to Femradiel and then resumed his task.

When Femradiel got the new weapon, she felt her power increasing so fast that she couldn't help but get excited that was probably the strongest weapon that the alliance had in their hands. Without wasting time, she pointed it toward the enemies, and then dozens of them exploded.

You obtained 55.555 coins.

You obtained 55.555 coins.

You obtained 55.555 coins.

...

"Hehe, now it is your turn," Femradiel said while looking at the two most troublesome spectral copies.

Although she used almost all her mana in the previous attack, it was full again. Infusing mana while using Lilith's power had become second nature for her, after all. The spectral copies felt the danger for their lives and then used magic to protect themselves, but it was useless. Not even a thick barrier of spectral energy prevents them from exploding in a single instant.

You obtained 9.545.777 coins.

You obtained 19.545.777 coins.

"I sure could get used to this," Femradiel nodded, visibly impressed. "Oh, wait I can't become greedy like Ryan. Things won't work out this way."

Femradiel began to help the others nonstop, and that quickly changed the tide of the battle. They didn't suffer any losses for the time being, but the humans were starting to run out of mana.

"It seems that my idea worked well, where are my thanks?" Merlin asked.

"I never heard of someone working to pay for their crimes being thanked by guards," Ryan said. "Regardless, don't bother me, I am busy."

You obtained 5.545.333 coins.

You obtained 5.545.333 coins.

You obtained 5.545.333 coins.

...

Ryan had destroyed five other planets, and now he had a minute of rest since it was Artemis and Apollo's turn. However, he was using that time to create weapons using time magic and then selling them to the system.

"I really don't get the logic but this is insanely useful as it is scary" Ryan said. "Come to think of it, who is buying these things? Lucifer since you said that he obtained the power of the creature that developed the mana system?"

"No, this system wasn't created by Lucifer, this universe already had mana when he obtained that power. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to assimilate all that power and knowledge." Merling explained. "The system created by our universe's last boss was created in order for him to obtain all the knowledge and powers that could be learned and created. This system wasn't created, it just suddenly came to be since there were many powerful creatures that had a lot of mana crossing the cosmos. Their mana was left behind and began to spread on some planets. Its goal is to keep expanding and that is why it is buying your magic items. They have a lot of mana and if they stay in a world for long enough, it will spread the energy around. Since the system is like this, I was able to customize it and add the class system."

It seemed weird to think that something that didn't have a proper conscience was doing all that just for the purpose of expansion. Regardless, considering that it didn't do anything to stop Merlin's interference, then it was probably just another force of nature in action.

Eventually, both groups managed to deal with the threats. The planets moving toward Earth had been destroyed, and the spectral copies had been decimated. However, the war wasn't over yet. It wouldn't be over until Lucifer and Ymir were out of the picture.

"What now?" Loki asked.

"We can't let our guard down yet," Isis replied. "Both of them still had many abilities to show and they can become much more troublesome if they come to fight directly."

Although that would cost tons of mana, Ryan decided to use Search and see what those two were up to. Nothing good would come of letting them do whatever they want and just react to it. However, dividing their forces and leaving the planet to bring the fight to them was just too dangerous.

Ryan looked for Lucifer first, and when he saw him approaching the sun. That couldn't be a good sign weirdly enough, he also felt another presence near Lucifer. It was Ymir.

"Such a lack of originality" Merlin said and then sighed. "They are planning to make the sun go Supernova and destroy you guys alongside the whole solar system, if not the whole milky way."

When the survivors heard that, they couldn't help but freeze in shock. That was just too much how come the enemies now were able to pull off such crazy skills and tactics? The best humans could do by themselves was break rocks with their bare hands or make magic projectiles as big as houses fall from the sky

"We have to stop them," Ryan said. "Let's attack and annoy the heck out of him."

Again, only those with Clairvoyance and a lot of mana would be able to do that, but it was the only real option. Actually, there was another, but Ryan decided to keep quiet about it.

Everyone nodded, and once again, they divided themselves into two groups. Ryan, Artemis, and Apollo would attack Lucifer, and the others who could use Clairvoyance would attack Ymir. For quite a while, they used all their might. Lucifer began to bleed all over as Ymir began to tremble since the numerous attacks were hitting his real body. That plan wouldn't work, so Ryan decided to bet on the second one...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1