Chapter 989: Cheat

Chapter 989: Cheat

You obtained 111.387.988 coins.

"How weird why did I receive coins for destroying a planet?" Ryan frowned.

Artemis was the next one to try, but she needed some time to prepare. While she could just bombard the next planet with her arrows, she decided to play it safe and just fire a single arrow a single arrow created by a Temporal Bow, but that would be enhanced with massive amounts of lunar energy that she could control.

Fortunately, she didn't take her time channeling one attack. After thirty or so seconds, the arrow disappeared, and Ryan saw the planet that she had targeted glowing several times until it cracked in many parts. It didn't explode per se, but it seemed that she indeed hit the core and made the dead planet fall apart.

Apollo was already reading to shoot, much to everyone's surprise. While he and Artemis were competitive about every single thing, he still knew that his sister would pull that off. He didn't want to stay behind either, so he concentrated so much Solar energy in a single arrow that everyone nearby, aside from those who have high endurance and a lot of health, had to move away due to the massive heat emitted.

A few seconds after Apollo fired, the planet he had targeted became a massive sphere of magma before exploding. He looked at Artemis with a smug expression on his face, as if that was a competition as well.

The other elder gods prepared themselves because it was their turn. Their skills with bows were pretty much the same, so they decided to fire at the same time. They charged Power Shot for thirty seconds and then fired. Something unexpected afterward, the planet they had targeted began to turn into dust slowly probably the combination of their powers created a chain reaction or something that caused that. Regardless, they confirmed that the plan could work, and now they just had to adjust their powers. That was the original plan, but the whole world began to tremble, and they felt some trouble reappearing in the world.

"Shit he isn't going to get on Lucifer's path, but he won't let us deal with Lucifer in peace," Ryan said.

The spectral copies were back, even though Ymir didn't show up yet. This time, everyone could feel so many presences that they couldn't help but frown. When Ryan used Clairvoyance, he saw an army outside New York, and based on their numbers Ymir created a copy for each elder god, human, and angel.

"How much mana does he have" Isis said, visibly shocked.

"He can't copy this weapons, so we should be able to take them down," Femradiel said.

As soon as Femradiel finished that sentence, the spectral copies suddenly created armors around their whole body. While the material was the same as their bodies, it would increase their resistance quite a bit.

"Ymir only wants to get in our way," Odin said. "We will have to divide our forces, we can't let them attack us first either."

The problem was the fact that Ryan, Artemis, and Apollo wouldn't be able to fight. The spectral copies of Apollo and Artemis had the same power level. However, while Ryan's was weaker than him, it was still stronger than most elder gods.

"I am sure I can kill that fast enough" Ryan said.

"No, you are already pushing yourself too far attacking those planets," Femradiel said. "I will deal with your copy."

"All right then," Ryan said.

Femradiel got a little behind lately, but she still had the strength that surpassed the elder gods. So, she probably could handle it. If anything, that also was a good opportunity for her to become even stronger

Aside from Ryan, Artemis, and Apollo, everyone else went to face the copies, but unfortunately, the copies attacked first. The copies of the elder gods, alongside the others that were pretty powerful, began to fly and launched their attacks toward those three were. However, Odin and Zeus blocked those projectiles with their temporal weapons.

The ordinary survivors tried to attack the flying enemies. Still, soon they were forced to give up when their copies began to use magic and fire numerous projectiles toward them. It was a rain of magic attacks like no other. After all, they were copies of humanity's strongest.

The humans blocked the attacks with their temporal weapons as they advanced to attack. Meanwhile, the things above were getting pretty intense. While the elder gods had the advantage, they couldn't win instantly. As for Femradiel, his hands were full to prevent her and Ryan's spectral copy could attacking others.

"Your girlfriend sure is skillful," Merlin said. "But she won't be able to keep that pace forever."

"If you have something to say, then say it already, don't wait for me to ask," Ryan said, visibly annoyed. "If something happens, I can always cover for her."

"True, you can use time magic, but that will be a roundabout way to solve things," Merlin said. "You should have plenty of coins now to do that, so using Absolute Buying, create the best bow that you can make using mithril as material. While Femradiel isn't much of an archer, she is among the best aside from you three."

Ryan wondered how come he didn't think of that before. It was so simple

"Don't feel too bad about it, you didn't have time to learn how limitless magic can be," Merlin said. "Besides, you are an archer."

Hearing Merlin trying to comfort him only made Ryan feel more pissed, but he wasn't stupid enough to ignore his advice. Regardless, without wasting any more time, Ryan used Absolute Buying to create the most powerful bow all the coins he had could create using mithril. The skill worked, and a weapon made of mithril began to appear in front of Ryan. That gave him some insight how much do his temporal weapons cost? He used less than ten thousand points of mana, and considering their effects maybe Ryan could cheat the system using that...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1