Chapter 1000: Final Battle (11)

Chapter 1000: Final Battle (11)

When Femradiel gathered the mana of everyone, she decided to attack. The alliance members kept sending their mana to her, but the ice coffin Ymir had prepared was already closing up, and Femradiel saw Ymir already passing through it. Another option that they had was to create a hole in any direction using the ice she was preparing, but she doubted that it would be large enough to let everyone pass at the same time, even while using Teleport.

Before letting all the mana explode instantly, Femradiel wished that she could get stronger using the same greed that Ryan had. Now that she thought about it, his endless desire to build a future where he would be satisfied was probably what made him win all those impossible battles.

A single light-blue sphere appeared above Femraidel, and then in the next moment, a massive and endless Ice Spear made of true ice appeared and then flew toward Ymir. The concentration of energy somehow hit Ymir's armor and made it crack. However, it only did that the energy began to dissipate to the sides since it wasn't penetrating more than that.

When they saw that, everyone showed pained expressions. Perhaps that was their limit as species. The history that they showed them that all empires and civilizations eventually come to an end. Perhaps it was their time to disappear and maybe give room to something else. Although some gave up, others didn't. Those who did it looked at Femradiel, Natasha, Mia, Daniel, Gustavo, Yahiko, and then felt the desire to win. They had more than enough reasons not to give up until the very end. Everyone had their reasons to struggle, but most of them didn't have the reasons why they couldn't accept defeat after such a long time of continuous battle. One by one, humans and the elder gods found their reasons inside themselves, and those feelings were turning into mana that increased the power of the ice spear.

Femradiel noticed the power of the attack increase, and once again, she saw Ymir's armor cracking it. However, before anything else could happen, Ymir began to absorb the ice of the attack to repair his armor. For a moment, even Femradiel's wish for victory waved as if that wasn't enough. Ymir finally passed through the walls of the trap. Now things would become even more difficult

All the mana Femradiel had stored in Soul Eater was almost gone, and she couldn't keep up with the level of attack with the amount of mana she could infuse every second. Despite that, Femradiel noticed a massive amount of energy being transferred to her via Mana Link. She knew it somewhere Ryan was also helping them with mana. He should have his hands full dealing with Lucifer, but he still decided to help. She couldn't let things end like that

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Feramdiel shouted from the depths of her soul while trying to make her attack even a little bit stronger.

The ice spear passed through the wall made of true ice and then hit Ymir once again. The massive attack made him stagger as expected. He couldn't let those creatures even try to resist. He had to crush them as fast as possible that would cost him some more mana, but he decided to speed up the spell. However When Ymir tried that, he noticed the mana in his armor getting unstable and then dispersing it.

Ymir decided to take Femradiel's powers to make sure that they wouldn't have any chance to resist. That should be simple since she was focused on attacking, but Ymir never had the chance to do that in the end. The high concentration of mana suddenly exploded and pushed him backward at a supersonic speed.

"This amount of power how" Ymir clenched his teeth in shock.

Ymir tried to move away, but the attack had already pierced his armor deeply, and he couldn't leave without his armor, nor could he teleport when his body was directly connected to an enemy attack. Once again, the power of the attack increased, and in the blink of an eye, the ice spear became long enough to force Ymir out of the planet.

Even when the entire world began to tremble like it was falling apart, Femradiel didn't stop. She didn't stop, not even when the ice coffin stopped moving she had to make sure that would be the final attack. In the end, she kept going until she collapsed from mana exhaustion.

In the end, Femradiel only woke up after a month. She suddenly got up from her bed because she felt that she had lost a wait of time and because she got nervous even in her deep slumber over Ryan and the kid in her belly.

"Woah, calm down," Isis said. "You can't move so fast after sleeping for so long."

"What happened? Where is Ryan and how is my" Femradiel said.

Before she could finish her sentence, Femradiel looked at her belly, and she noticed that it was bigger than before, and she could sense her kid's mana now. The kid was safe, but she couldn't sense Ryan's mana.

"Well, we did it" Isis said and then showed a hologram of a weird planet that apparently had a pointy end.

The planet didn't have a pointy end, but it had a massive pillar of true ice that couldn't melt no matter what, and on the base of the pillar, Isis showed Ymir's body who had his heart pierced by the ice spear.

"The attack made Ymir fly for quite the distance, so we had a hard time finding him," Isis said. "About Ryan it has been a month, but he hasn't shown up yet. Most members of the alliance are looking for him since he is probably fighting Lucifer until now and they want to give a hand, but it seems that they are too far away Occasionally, we sense the whole universe trembling and that is another sign of the fight, but"

"Ah, is that so then it is fine," Femradiel said and then laid down on the bed again.

"Aren't you worried?" Isis frowned.

"I am sure he will pull this off, he always does" Femradiel said and then sighed in relief.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1