Chapter 994: Final Battle (5)

Chapter 994: Final Battle (5)

Much sooner than Ryan had expected, he understood that his plan wouldn't work. Causing damage while receiving damage and hope that his Vampirism would solve everything had been more than a mistake. He noticed that on the third mindless charge that Lucifer did. Even though his face was completely destroyed multiple times, he took the arrows out from his face like they caused the same amount of pain as mosquito bites. As for Ryan his bones were shattering with every single impact. While he solved that issue with Temporal Healing, there was another pressing issue in front of him Now Lucifer was even bigger than Ryan.

"What a freak" Ryan said while biting his lips in annoyance.

Ryan finally had got rid of the dark spheres that messed up with the gravitational field around him, but it seemed those had been just used to gain some time for Lucifer. It was hard to admit it, but it seemed like he had gotten three times stronger just in the past ten minutes.

Lucifer's power level reached a point where Ryan couldn't even try to stop his attacks using Foresight or even Death Sense. If he tried to dodge the attacking know where Lucifer would attack, he would have to move away even before he moved his body. Lucifer would notice that and then prepare another attack it was really annoying. Still, Foresight was basically useless when the difference in speed was just too big.

When Lucifer attacked again, Ryan just moved his arms to protect his face. Lucifer could have aimed at his stomach instead since he saw that, but while smirking, he continued the motion of the attack. His punch completely broke Ryan's arms and made his neck move backward almost beyond its natural limits. Much faster than before, Ryan flew toward the sun.

Congratulations! The skill Sunlight Blessing has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Sunlight Blessing has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Sunlight Blessing has leveled up.

Although that hadn't been within his plan, Ryan recovered quickly from the attack, thanks to Sunlight Blessing. The skill worked much more efficiently while he was so close to the sun. That might help him decrease the difference between them a little, so he made the skill level up. However, Ryan soon noticed that he wouldn't have time for that when he looked at Lucifer, and he saw him creating a massive sphere of dark energy Baal used that all the time, but he couldn't just make ten times bigger than himself with his mana alone.

Again, Ryan tried to attack the sphere, but it didn't work. Eating away the mana with Chaotic Hunger Crossbow, Diamond Crossbow, or with anything else wouldn't solve the problem fast enough. To make matters worse, if he dodges that, Lucifer will hit the sun.

"What a clever bastard" Ryan muttered under his breath.

"Are you ready to work together now?" Merlin asked. "Maybe I should have told you this earlier, but I didn't defeat the last boss alone, I did with my friends. There is no need to be so competitive."

"Shut up my friends are already here with me," Ryan said, pointing to his bow.

"Wait a minute, I will send this scene to your friends, I am sure they will be glad to see you hear that," Merlin said.

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. He couldn't believe that a guy like that defeated an enemy even stronger than Lucifer. Regardless, Ryan already had a plan in mind, it was a bit risky, but the environment would help him.

When Lucifer fired the massive sphere of dark energy, Ryan opened his mouth and then used Dark Ice Breath alongside Draconic Bow. He used all his mana he could gather in a single instant, hoping that the corrupt energy in both attacks would cancel each other.

The massive explosion caused by the collision of massive amounts of mana made the space vibrate and even crack around them. Ryan imagined that his temporal arrows could do the same thing, but with more finesse, since the projectiles were stabilized, unlike those attacks.

Just as Ryan had imagined, the coldness of space gave his attack an edge over Lucifer's dark sphere of energy, and even though he used less mana than the enemy, both attacks canceled each other. Unfortunately, Ryan didn't have to rest before that. Lucifer suddenly appeared and grabbed him by the neck.

"Fuck off, asshole," Ryan said and then fired dozens of Angelic Arrows and made the marks on Lucifer's body explode with Holy Explosion.

Even though those skills weren't a high level, they caused a lot of damage since they were at point-blank range, Lucifer's first layer of skin even began to melt, but he didn't let Ryan go with only that. Instead of that, he lashed his claws in the air and then made a distortion appear on their side.

"Let's play somewhere more fun," Lucifer said.

That wasn't good, Ryan bombarded Lucifer's arms with his bow in order to free himself, but that didn't work. In the end, they passed through the distortion before it could disappear. Only after that, Lucifer threw Ryan away and begin to heal his body.

When Ryan recovered from the attack, he noticed that he couldn't feel anyone's presence. Even the link he had with Femradiel had been too weakened due to the distance for him to be able to see if she was alright. Although he still was in outer space, Ryan noticed that that part was too well illuminated. When he looked around, he saw numerous suns around that wasn't supposed to be possible.

"Let's see how you will like this," Lucifer said and then pointed both hands toward Ryan.

Ryan felt the gravitational field in the area changing again, and even though it was slight, he noticed the sun moving toward him. That was bad, that was really bad Ryan had to destroy them.

"Do you know what will happen when you attack them?" Lucifer asked with that annoying smile on his face. "They will go Supernova, imagine dozens of suns going supernova in the same region"

The idea alone made Ryan feel shivers unfortunately, the worst part of Ryan's day wasn't over yet.

"Don't worry, Ryan," Merlin said. "If you fail here, I will avenge you."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1