Chapter 991: Final Battle (2)

Chapter 991: Final Battle (2)

"We won't be able to stop them, unless we get close enough," Ryan said. "Still taking all of us to space and fight there without support of all of our forces won't be a good idea. So"

"Don't even start with it, Ryan," Femradiel said. "Your days of playing the lonely wolf are over."

"At least let me finish my plan" Ryan said and then shrugged. "If I were to face Lucifer alone, his pride would force him to face me. However, I can't see myself defeating him yet. That is why I will need your help. We will basically fight together but in different places. I want all your mana to create the perfect bow or crossbow for my draconis form."

The logic was simple, but it seemed like a good plan. Lucifer was the demon of pride, so he would take the bait. Ymir probably won't join the fight unless one of them is about to die. He would wait until the very last moment until both sides were half dead or not attentive to their surroundings. That was the smart thing to do. Ymir's skills were still mostly a mystery, so the others had to keep him busy. Besides, as much as they wanted to disagree with that, Ryan was the strongest among the group. He had defeated the leaders and the strongest members of the Norse and Olympian gods by himself, after all.

"I disagree with your plan," Michael said. "We are the ones who are supposed to defeat Lucifer."

"What is most important: him dead or your ego inflated?" Ryan asked. "Against you guys, he will only feel more pumped, after all, you are their mortal enemies. If you think that the Angels and the holy knights can defeat them in space, then it is fine. I won't get in your way, but since you didn't propose that, it doesn't look like you are confident in that possibility."

Michael, who usually stays calm most of the time, couldn't help but clench his fist. Ryan was right, but admitting that directly was Regardless, they didn't have time to waste. If they don't attack both creatures as much as possible, they will be able to reach their goals.

"Let's go with his plan, Michael," Gabriel stepped forward and then said. "I won't ask for the impossible, but if you have the chance, use this power to defeat him."

A light left Gabriel's body and then was absorbed by Ryan. He wished that the other could give a hand as well, but asking for that would be too much. Ryan heard that not a single human had the blessing of the four angels, so giving their power to their outside would be impossible.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Angelic Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Angelic Arrow, Angelic Hunt, and Holy Explosion.

All of your statuses have increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Angelic Arrow

Effect: it gives you the power to fire an arrow of light that will cause five times more damage against demons and undead. The damage initial will be equal to your dexterity, and the damage caused by the holy effect will last for ten seconds. It will be equal to ten percent of your intelligence.

Cost: 5.000 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Angelic Hunt

Effect: it temporarily increases all of your attributes by one percent per minute. The maximum bonus will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Holy Explosion

Effect: it Grants you the power to make arrows enchanted with holy magic leave a mark on the target that will explode when this skill is activated. The level of the skill determines how many marks you can activate at the same time.

Cost: 5.000

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan proceeded to make those skills level up a bit to make them more useful. While time magic was enough to damage Lucifer, to kill him, Ryan will need more. While he was doing that, the others passed as much mana as possible to Femradiel. After all, they were connected through Mana Link.

After that, Ryan proceeded to use all that mana to create a massive bow made of mithril. It was even bigger than him in his Draconic form, but that also showed how much punch it could pack in it. The weapon didn't have a color, but it was emitting a semi-transparent glow that looked like it was distorting the space. Sometimes, Ryan felt that he wasn't even touching it, but the weapons still were there.

Mithril Bow of the Dragon God of Time (+100) (Legendary)

Effect: at the cost of ten thousand points of mana, it Grants you the power to hit the enemy whenever you wish for it, even without pulling the string. This weapon will always cause critical hits and will apply the effects of all your passive skills no matter.

Dexterity + 111.000, Intelligence + 55.000, Recovery + 55.000, Speed + 55.000.

Durability: 25.000/25.000

"What the fuck why this bow can apply the effects of all my skill?" Ryan frowned while looking at a supersized version of the bow his father gave to him.

"Because you didn't use your mana alone to craft it," Merlin replied. "Anyway, Lucifer just transformed, so I guess you don't have much time."

Ryan nodded and prepared to leave, but before he could do it, Femradiel hugged him from behind. She sure liked to do that, still, since she didn't say anything, Ryan understood that she still didn't like that plan, even if it was the only way to draw the attention of one of the enemies without losing too many resources and manpower.

"Don't worry about it, for the first time in a while, I have a good feeling about a battle," Ryan said. "I will be back soon."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1