Chapter 995: Final Battle (6)

Chapter 995: Final Battle (6)

A few minutes earlier

As soon as Ryan left to lure Lucifer to a fight, the other members of the alliance who stayed behind began to relentlessly attack Ymir. Weirdly enough, they saw results pretty early on. Ymir was unable to do anything with the sun, and every time an arrow appeared inside his ethereal body, he would tremble and feel pain. Eventually, he understood that just because Ryan and Lucifer were out of the picture, for the time being, he wouldn't be able to do whatever he wanted. So, he teleported to Earth and suddenly appeared standing above the army.

"It seems you have obtained a huge deal of power while I was away," Ymir said while furrowing his eyebrows. "I really didn't expect Chronus would fall that easily I never understood him truly..."

Ymir snapped his fingers, and then thunder clouds began to appear all over the world. Insanely fast, powerful thunder bolts began to fall and even hit the army. Before they could suffer too much damage, Odin, Zeus, and Thor began to fly and also being targeted by all the falling thunderbolts. They could take that, but attacking at the same time was something that even them couldn't do in that situation.

Ymir could have copied Chronus, but instead of making the atmosphere disappear, he fired a green sphere of energy downward. Before anyone could do anything, it hit the planet. For a while, nothing really happened, but soon, a poisonous green miasma began to emanate from all parts of the world. The survivors who breathed that felt sick, and some who had low-level poison resistance fell straight unconscious instantly while their health was being decreased.

Femradiel and the other elder gods bombarded Ymir's face with their weapons, but while that was obviously annoying, the target. It didn't stop him. Not to mention, he didn't seem actually wounded or exhausted. His presence didn't grow weaker either

Alissa and the others who could turn into dragons transformed and then approached Ymir to use their breaths. However, before they could get close enough to attack, a powerful aura emanating from his body hit them, and their bodies froze. After a while, everyone saw a thick layer of ice covering their bodies and hurried to help.

"He really is a master among masters of magic" Isis said with her eyes wide open.

"We don't have time to be amazed here," Femradiel said.

" You are right," Isis nodded.

Isis created a massive wave of spores that came from her hands and spread across the area using her magic. Soon enough, the poisonous miasma was eaten by the spores. Still, Isis couldn't do anything else since the miasma was constantly emerging from the ground.

As if those attacks weren't enough, Ymir made meteors fall from the sky like rain as well. After that, it was only obvious that the alliance would suffer significant losses, but that only lasted for a few moments. With their superb eyesight and skills with the bow, Apollo, Artemis, Femradiel, Isis, Zoe, Mia, and many others began to hit those and destroy them before they could cause any more problems.

"Impressive, I commend your insistence in fighting," Ymir said. "However, enough is enough."

The spectral soldiers were back and even though he wasn't nearby, Ymir managed to bring a copy of Ryan. The elder gods clicked their tongue in annoyance since too many of them, and they were already shorthanded to being with. As if things weren't troublesome enough, more enemies appeared

Spectral Fire Dragon  Lv Max

Health: 679.000

Mana: 471.000

Stamina: 369.000

Strength: 45.000

Dexterity: 65.000

Speed: 42.000

Intelligence: 100.500

Endurance: 59.000

Control: 45.000

Mentality: 29.000

Luck: 36.000

Recovery: 150.000

Willpower: 39.000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Explosive Touch Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Enhancement Lv Max, Fire Armor Lv Max

Spells: Hellfire Lv Max, Absolute Chaos Lv Max, Fire Spear Lv Max, Fire Breath Lv Max...

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv Max, Wind Resistance Lv Max, Electric Resistance Lv Max

"Hey, hey how come he can create copies of those?" Loki asked in surprise. "They aren't supposed to exist anymore. Not in this planet at least."

"Who said that I can only make copies of this world's creatures?" Ymir asked.

Another enemy that had incredibly cheat-like powers. The remaining elder gods led by Athena and Ares began to fight the spectral copies that were advancing through the land. Still, someone had to deal with those spectral copies Femradiel teleported to the sky and got close enough to the enemies, and began to use her bow. While she didn't have any reason to get close, she did so to get the attention of the enemies. The spectral dragons opened their mouths to incinerate her with Fire Breaths and while she got covered by those attacks in the blink of an eye. Dozens of those dragons began to explode. Once that happened, their breath attacks disappeared, and Femradiel appeared while being protected by a Mana Barrier.

"Please, don't get in my way," Ymir said and then waved his right hand slightly.

Femradiel's Mana Barrier suddenly disappeared, and then she felt being hit by something big. In the next moment, she fell on the ground like a shooting star, but Furball appeared to soften the impact even though he broke a few ribs in the process.

"Thanks, but you didn't have to," Femradiel scratched Furball's neck while she healed him.

To think that Ymir could cancel defensive spells it wasn't that surprising, Femraidel noted it. Since he managed to enter the domain like it wasn't even there. To make things a bit easier for the alliance, Femradiel summoned her familiars and ordered them to help the others below. Defeating Ymir and the spectral dragons by herself wouldn't be easy, but Femradiel had to pull that off.

Femradiel suddenly had an idea, and if she succeeds, she might be able to change the tide of the battle She suddenly teleported to behind her spectral copy and then used Void World on her. For some reason, the creature disappeared, and Ymir couldn't help but frown. As for Femradiel she smiled from ear to ear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1