Chapter 993: Final Battle (4)

Chapter 993: Final Battle (4)

"It seems you are in a race against time, Ryan," Merlin said. "His numerous sins keep increasing his strength at an exponentially speed, while you have the skills to do the same, the number and the qualities of the skill still is a problem."

"Thank you for stating the obvious," Ryan said.

When Lucifer recovered, he flew toward Ryan at an astonishing speed and then tried to rip him apart with his claws. Once again, Ryan escaped at the last moment thanks to Evading Shot. However, despite the fact that he escaped the attack, something happened that caused some mental damage. Lucifer's claws didn't hit anything, but the space began to vibrate and distort in the area his claws touched.

"What was that" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in shock.

"His strength grew to the point where he can damage the fabric of space and reality," Merlin said. "If he keeps getting stronger like this, his physical attacks will open black holes. They might not last long, but if a black hole appear so close to Earth or the sun"

It would be disastrous. Things wouldn't be so simple to solve with Reset. After all, Ryan had to keep physical contact with something to make it go back in time. When Lucifer prepared another attack, Ryan used Foresight for a single moment and then saw the future movements of his claws. Hence, he attacked them with his bow. Lucifer finally realized that he saw the future to dodge his attacks, and now he was doing that to prevent them since he was afraid of what those could cause. Instead of frustration, Lucifer feels really excited. He smiled from ear to ear and then licked his lips.

The mana in Lucifer's body grew, but then he used it to increase his status. Ryan also could do that with the power of greed, so he understood what happened. Still, instead of worried, he got creeped out due to seeing a demon licking his lips in front of him.

In any case, Ryan had to find a way to deal with Lucifer as soon as possible. That was probably the first time where Ryan was the one who wouldn't benefit from a long battle, even though he was the weakest and still had room for improvement. When Lucifer attacked again, Ryan fired numerous arrows toward his eyes in order to stop him it didn't work. Even though the arrows were piercing his head, Lucifer approached and lashed his claws at him. Just like Merlin said, the attack altered the fabric of space and pulled Ryan towards it for a moment. He escaped, but it was only a matter of time. While Ryan was sweating cold, Lucifer took the arrows from his eyes, and then those quickly regenerated.

"This is starting to get boring," Lucifer said.

Lucifer moved his arms to the side, and then vast concentrations of mana began to circle around him. Ryan used that chance to attack him non-stop, but even while his body was being torn into shreds, he didn't stop. In the blink of an eye, several black spheres appeared around Lucifer, and it seemed those were completely under his control Ryan could feel a powerful gravitational field pulling him toward them it seemed like a black hole, but at the same time, it wasn't

Lucifer made those surround Ryan, and he could feel his body getting much heavier. He tried to attack those, but since they were only massive concentrations of mana, his attacks didn't have any effect. By looking at those and using Mana Stealer, Ryan managed to recover a lot of mana. Still, before the skill could have any effect on the spells, Lucifer charged, and this time, Ryan didn't have the chance to dodge it, even though he saw the attack with Foresight.

As if he knew that the next attack would land, Lucifer had prepared a punch that made Ryan's being tremble from head to toe. In just a moment, the punch made him fly for thousands of kilometers when Lucifer approached to land the next attack, Ryan felt shivers while looking at his vicious smile for a single moment. Out of reflex, he used Dark Ice Breath, and the attack actually froze Lucifer. However, the dark ice began to turn into regular ice soon enough Lucifer absorbed the corruption and grew five meters taller.

"You have got to be kidding me," Ryan said.

"For a human, you sure have some dark thoughs," Lucifer said. "It has been a while since I absorbed such pure corrupt energy from a being like you."

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. That was probably the first time his own attack only served to power up the enemy. As if the situation wasn't bad enough, he finally noticed that the dark spheres followed him while he was flying thanks to the punch. Attacking them normally was useless, so he summoned dozens of copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow to deal with them.

Using all the coins and mana Ryan had obtained since the start of the battle, he increased his speed in order to deal better against the effects of the dark spheres, but it didn't seem like it worked. Lucifer charged once again, and this time, even though he headbutted him, Ryan didn't react in time. Being punched was something, but being headbutted in the chest made Ryan feel pain like no other not to mention Lucifer's horns pierced his chest quite deeply. Angelic Protection saved him once again, but it was clear that it wouldn't work forever.

"It can't be helped" Ryan muttered while he was feeling the taste of blood in his mouth.

When Lucifer attacked again, Ryan didn't try to dodge it or escape he fired dozens of arrows on his face. He had the chance to make it unrecognizable, but then he got punched as well. Fortunately, he escaped the critical damage thanks to all the health he stole using Vampirism.

You obtained 15.684.698 coins.

You obtained 15.684.698 coins.

You obtained 15.684.698 coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1