Chapter 997: Final Battle (8)

Chapter 997: Final Battle (8)

Femradiel insisted on attacking the dragons and eventually discovered at least one of Ymir's weaknesses when it comes to summoning magic. He edited his monsters skills that had a limit. For example, the spectral dragons began to die when they suffered enough damage Somehow, Ymir made them to be like that to make everyone doubt their power. The monsters obviously didn't become invulnerable to time magic.

"They didn't become immortal! They just changed to become more sturdy than before!" Femradiel shouted.

As to why the monsters couldn't go to the Void World anymore it was hard to be sure, but Femradiel assumed that Ymir copied Hypnos' traits and then passed them to all the other copies. It seemed like one heck of a skill, but she already knew the basics of the Absolute Summoner class to know that such a thing was possible for Ymir.

"Your ability to analyze a situation is quite something," Ymir said. "But how about this?"

Ymir snapped his fingers, and once again, the spectral copies disappeared and then reappeared in larger numbers. Not only that, he made them point their hands at the alliance members, and then they used Flamethrower all at the same time. A sea of flames engulfed the area and decimated the region. Hundreds of survivors died instantly, and many others got wounded. Femradiel, Apollo, Artemis, Zoe, Mia, and all the other long-ranged fighters bombarded the spectral copies and killed them. Still, soon after, Ymir summoned more of them.

"This doesn't have an end" Femradiel muttered.

It was a pity, but Femradiel will have to let many people die to assure victory. She stopped attacking for a while, and then the tide of the battle changed in favor of the enemies. However, Ymir soon realized that letting Femradiel alone wasn't a good idea. He didn't know what she was planning, but he could sense some danger

The meteors began to fall around Femradiel, but Artemis and Apollo covered for her. When Ymir moved his hand to slap her from a distance, he frowned when a barrier suddenly appeared around her, and Femradiel wasn't the one who summoned it it was Isis. Before Ymir could try anything else, Femradiel finished her preparations. However, nothing happened. Ymir frowned once again, but his sense of uneasiness only grew stronger. Ymir summoned his defensive spells, but they didn't work. He suddenly was pushed backward for hundreds of meters after an explosion happened in his face. The same explosion happened several times and made the entire region tremble. Since the spectral copies were under his control, the creatures stopped fighting, and the alliance members used that chance to annihilate them.

Ymir flew for dozens of kilometers, and even though his face wasn't damaged or anything, he sure looked pissed. Femradiel used time magic to bombard him several times in a row with Draconic Bow. Ymir was pissed because he should have expected that It was so obvious. In any case, Femradiel confirmed something after all those attacks. That ethereal form didn't belong to the real Ymir. It was just a projection created by the real one. Femradiel had to find his natural body and then attack it with all her might while she could attack him while aiming at his projection, it was obvious that something near the real body was helping him. Otherwise, all those explosions caused by Draconic Bow should have shown some results.

"... I didn't want to use this against such weak beings such as yourselves, but I will make an exception," Ymir said. "It should be fine since Lucifer is very far away"

It seemed that Ymir was planning to use something that he had prepared to use against Lucifer. Whatever it is, it couldn't be something good Femradiel created several replicas of herself and then spread them across the land. Everyone frowned when they saw that, but Femradiel wasn't the type who does things without a good reason.

In the next moment, Femradiel noticed the presence of some of her allies getting weaker. They didn't die. They just their spirits just lost almost all their mana. That happened first to the weakest members of the alliance they began to feel like something was choking them, and then, something ethereal began to leave their bodies through their mouth. That same thing flew toward Ymir and then was absorbed by him, and his presence grew larger.

"My power my skill and status are gone."

"Mine too without them, I can't do anything"

The survivors who lost their powers began to panic. Facing a being like that without having any power was beyond insanity when Ymir looked at them, they understood that their lives were over. Still, before anything could really happen, Femradiel bombarded Ymir with a Draconic Bow.

"What did you do?" Femradiel asked.

"You really think I would explain this?" Ymir frowned. "You are way more naive than you look."

Soon enough, Ymir began to suck the powers of the humans around at an astonishing rate. Still, he was forced to stop when Femradiel and the others attacked him. Unfortunately, they had to stop because of the spectral copies.

"Leave him to me," Femradiel declared. "Just focus on dealing with the spectral copies."

"... All right, we will leave it to you," Isis said after she clenched her teeth in exasperation since she couldn't think of any other solution to that situation.

"You really think that you can face me alone?" Ymir asked. "You must have gone mad."

"Why are you trying to sound so confident now?" Femradiel asked. "If you were confident in your abilities, you wouldn't have used those methods before Chronus disappeared. You may not say it out loud, but it is clear that you are afraid of those who broke the balance of power in this universe."

Ymir always tried to act as if feelings were completely necessary and as if he had transcended the physical realm. Still, many things confirmed that his actions and his words did not agree with each other. His curiosity over Merlin and his previous indirect interference showed that Ymir pretty much still belonged to the physical realm.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1