Chapter 998: Final Battle (09)

Chapter 998: Final Battle (09)

Although she couldn't see many results, Femradiel kept firing Draconic Bows nonstop to prevent Ymir from using his power to steal all the status and skills of his targets near instantly. No matter what happens, they can't let him become even stronger than he already is.

Femradiel's continuous attacks prevented Ymir from using that weird power and slowly moved him away from the battlefield. However, he was using more mana than she could infuse with every second, so the mana stored in his Soul Eater was being drained at an alarming rate.

"Nothing yet? I should have known that this would take a while" Femradiel clenched her teeth in anger.

Although she wasn't participating in the main fight, Femradiel could tell that the alliance was slowly defeating the spectral copies. Once they deal with them, they could help Femradiel with the problem of mana. After all, while he was being attacked, Ymir couldn't really do anything. Or so Femradiel thought Suddenly, Ymir made several small black holes appear around her. She used Reset to cancel that.

"I already lost everything twice, I won't let it happen a third time!" Femradiel shouted and then summoned several copies of the Diamond Crossbow.

Femradiel couldn't hit Ymir with those crossbows, but he could hit the spectral copies that stayed behind, and that was what she did. The creatures began to suffer massive damage and increase her coins. While Femradiel didn't have the power of Greed like Ryan, she could use replicas to do menial work for him on her Void World. After all, all the creatures there had been dealt with.

You obtained 111.111 coins.

You obtained 111.111 coins.

You obtained 111.111 coins.

Femradiel's replicas used those coins to buy magic items and potions and fill Soul Eater with mana. That eased the worries on Femradiel's mind a little bit, but soon she used Time Skip to attack Ymir even more frequently.

"You little" Ymir said, visibly annoyed after he got tired of receiving so much damage.

Even amidst the numerous attacks, Ymir managed to swing his arm, and then a massive cannon of fire coming from the sun almost hit Femradiel. Considering the distance of the sun and Earth, that shouldn't have been possible, but Regardless, the place that got hit by the flames turned into scorched land, and the epicenter had become a lake of magma.

Femradiel felt shivers while looking at Ymir's vicious eyes. Among Lucifer and Chronus, he seemed more like the proper mage type that really hates to get hit. So, it was no wonder he was so pissed. Regardless, Femradiel soon recovered and resumed her attacks.

"Don't get carried away, little girl" Ymir said once he realized that he had moved his arms to protect his face for the first time. "This is it I will destroy all of you right now!"

Ymir disappeared, and he took his spectral copies with him. Everyone frowned when they saw that while he had lost some monsters, he still had the battle on his hands. However, he didn't leave Earth alone for long. Everyone felt the world's temperature increasing when seas of fire began to fall from the sky. Ymir could even control the flames of the sun even though it wasn't something he had created.

"I found him" Femradiel said.

Femradiel, who had sent her replicas to move around the world and check the worlds connected to the dungeons, finally found one which had a powerful presence in it. However, what alerted her had been her attacks that had made the world in question tremble. That was where Ymir's real body was.

"Everyone, use this Checkpoint," Femradiel said. "Anyone who is good at ice magic help me block those flames."

There was no time to argue, so they followed Femradiel's command. Femradiel, Isis, Odin, and Hera magic quickly covered the entire area into ice. Still, the flames began to melt everything like nothing was preventing it. It took a while, but eventually, everyone used the Checkpoint. Before leaving, those four looked at their surroundings. The world was being destroyed again, and using Reset wouldn't help. If they succeed in defeating Ymir, they will have a lot of work once they return

The world Ymir selected to guard his real body was covered in ice. It was almost a miracle that one of Femradiel's replicas found it. She only succeeded because a nearby dungeon was connected to a world that had been abandoned but was in the same solar system in which Ymir planet was. Regardless, it didn't matter where they looked. The whole group could only see snow and an endless snowstorm. That being said, it was impossible not to feel Ymir's presence.

"So you have come here," Ymir's voice echoed in the area. "Do you really think this will be enough to defeat me? Your naivety is astounding. This is my territory and in this world, not even Lucifer and Chronus can defeat me."

All the world began to tremble as if it was responding to Ymir's voice. Soon after, the alliance members saw the snow covering their legs as if it was alive. The elder gods quickly escaped, but some humans didn't have the power to resist it. With Femradiel's help, they managed to escape it, but a few of them still were turned into ice statues and then crushed.

Everyone tried to fly above the storm, but then they learned that the clouds were frozen it wasn't a natural snow storm it was one that had been cast by Ymir. Zeus and Thor tried to attack it, but not only they didn't scratch it, but they also got some frozen bites.

"It is no good" Zeus said while frowning and looking at his hands.

"Let's just approach and attack him before he has the chance to do anything," Isis said.

The group moved to the other side of the planet while flying. Still, soon they began to be hit by ice meteors that freeze everything instantly those were so powerful that only the elder gods could destroy them and only with the temporal weapons.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1