Chapter 996: Final Battle (7)

Chapter 996: Final Battle (7)

Ymir had used so much mana to summon so many spectral copies that he couldn't feel much difference when one of them disappeared. However, the real problem there was that he couldn't make it disappear, wherever it might be, and Femradiel noticed that.

Another thing that Femradiel noticed was the fact that Ymir couldn't make Void World disappear maybe it was because it was the spell that doesn't alter reality like other spells. It alters by making the target stay unconscious. Still, since the target this time was a concentration of energy, nothing was left behind.

"Did you see that Hypnos?" Femradiel asked via Telepathy.

"Yes but if you let the spectral copy run free, it will eventually destroy your Void World," Hypnos replied.

"Ah I won't let it," Femradiel smiled. "This one here will have other uses."

Feramdiel used Self-Replication to create a copy of herself in the Void World, and then it began to fight the spectral copy it was a really confusing set-up, but it was a pretty good way to gain mana and strength at the same time. Since time passed way faster, Femradiel learned something else interesting The spectral copies were no longer connected to Hypnos, so the more they fought, the smaller they got due to the use of mana.

Without wasting time, Femradiel made several spectral dragons enter her Void World as well. While it was a bit dangerous for her replica, it was just a minor problem. She could always make another if the replica fails in using Full-Heal on time.

Ymir looked at Femradiel attentively while trying to understand what she had done. While he could use almost all spells, he couldn't quite imagine what she had done. Considering that he felt Hypnos' presence for an instant on her, he imagined that it had been Void World, and that was a problem The only way to stop a spell that was working inside the caster's mind was by killing them.

As soon as Femradiel made Ryan's copy disappear, Ymir made a small black hole appear in front of her. For a second, her body was almost ripened apart by the spell. Still, Femradiel used Reset and prevented all damage by going back in time half a second.

"That is a way to prevent being killed by a black hole," Ymir said. "Still, for how long can you do that?"

Femradiel didn't reply to that. She only smiled. Ymir accepted the challenge and made several black holes appear around Femradiel. Whenever those took place, she would use Reset and teleport away from it. When that happened for the tenth time, Ymir finally realized that Femradiel wouldn't run out of mana. Was it because she was draining the mana from the spectral copies? It couldn't be the only reason When Ymir looked at Femradiel with more attention, he saw a fragment of Lilith's aura, and then everything made sense.

"Those two humans are really troublesome" Ymir thought. "Lucifer will deal with the other one, and I should deal with her or maybe turn her into a weapon. It seems that Lucifer moved away from his battlefield in order not to let me see what he is doing. He certainly has some cards that he wants to keep hidden, so I need new ones as well."

Ymir knew that Lucifer wouldn't turn Ryan into a minion. While the six demons that he defeated were beings that challenged him in the past, none of them did it alone. Ryan challenged his pride, and Lucifer wouldn't let that go unpunished. With that in mind, it was evident that Ryan would be killed if Ymir were in his position, he certainly would do anything in his power to obtain such a resourceful tool.

While Ymir was considering what to do, Femradiel used that chance to lock even more spectral copies in her Void World. At some point, she felt her health decreasing by half, and that was the sign her replica had fallen, but she soon created another after healing herself. It was only natural after the rewards she obtained.

Congratulations! The class Lady of Love has leveled up.

Congratulations! The class Lady of Lust has leveled up.

Congratulations! The class Lady of Sleep has leveled up.

Her power increased, and it would keep increasing. At the same time, her replica is put on a difficult spot by so many spectral copies. Putting aside the pain she feels when a copy dies, it was almost free of danger training. However, Femradiel soon came to realize that things were about to take a difficult turn

Ymir made all the spectral copies disappear for a moment, but soon they reappeared. Everyone frowned at that, but while he didn't have much time to do anything, it was obvious that he did it. Femradiel soon learned one of the modifications that he did when she tried to put another spectral copy in the Void World and then failed.

"What the" Femradiel frowned.

Aside from Hypnos, pretty much everyone could be forced into the Void World. That was because the god of sleep was invulnerable to all forms of sleep inducement at least when it comes from outside forces. Could it be that Ymir applied the trait on all the spectral copies? That shouldn't be possible they should be exact copies of other beings, after all.

While Femradiel was dealing with those thoughts, several spectral dragons surrounded her. She quickly hit them with her bow, but this time, they didn't suffer any damage.

" Something is off here," Feramdiel furrowed her eyebrows.

After flying around to escape the dragons, Femradiel noticed that everyone else was having the same problem, even though they were using temporal weapons. In an instant, Ymir made his summoned creatures completely invulnerable to time and sleep magic. Soon enough, Femradiel and the other elder gods shook those thoughts away from their minds. Ymir was powerful, but his power should have limits, and they had to find those limits as soon as possible because the members of the alliance were starting to die and had doubts about their victory.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1