Chapter 992: Final Battle (3)

Chapter 992: Final Battle (3)

After so many recent power-ups, the effectiveness of Teleport increased quite a bit. For the current Ryan, reaching the sun in a matter of seconds was something simple.

"I didn't go against your plan, but you really should have some back up right now just in case," Merlin asked. "Lucifer was never pushed against the wall, so his true power still is unknown."

"No one asked," Ryan said.

"Well, I am sure you will be fine if you create a sword with this edginess of yours," Merlin said.

Before Ryan could get too close, he already used his bow and hit Lucifer. The demon spun in the space upon getting hit by behind, and a wound was opened in his back. Although he was in his true form, Ryan's attack couldn't be compared to before, so it was only obvious that he could accomplish that much. As long as Lucifer doesn't have six forms, Ryan was confident that he could win.

Congratulations! The skill Angelic Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Angelic Arrow has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Angelic Arrow has leveled up.

...

Before Lucifer could recover from the attack, Ryan noticed that Ymir was using some defensive spells on the other side of the sun. Still, none of them were working against the temporal weapons. He seriously lacked in experience against weapons enhanced with the power of time

Before Ryan could attack again, he saw some meteors appearing out of nowhere and flying toward him. He easily destroyed those with his newest bow. However, when the last one suddenly exploded by his attack, Lucifer appeared and tried to grab his neck. Ryan dodged by using Evading Shot, but he still felt shivers. The main reason was the fact that Lucifer was much bigger than before. He was probably twenty meters tall, and his demonic form should be four times smaller

"It seems you didn't defeat Chronus by chance" Lucifer glared at Ryan. "You also assimilated his powers pretty fast. Is it because of that human helping you?"

"The ones who are helping me are on Earth, this guy here is just haunting me," Ryan said.

"I am not a ghost" Merlin said and then sighed. "Let's work together Ryan, taking the power he assimilated is imperative to prevent future problems."

"I am not interested in working with someone so incompetent," Ryan said. "Besides, I don't trust liars."

"Come on, think about it," Merlin said. "Your defensive skills sucks, so if i had revealed my existence to you earlier, those three would have discovered it as well."

Ryan decided to ignore Merlin, he didn't mind working with the people of Earth, but he wouldn't receive Merlin's help. He was an outsider, and Ryan wanted a satisfying closure for those numerous pages filled with battles from his life. Getting involved with Merlin wouldn't give him that closure. Not to mention, he didn't want to owe him anything.

Lucifer suddenly disappeared and attacked Ryan's neck with his claws, but in the end, he only hit his after image. Ryan was already far away from him, and he didn't see him moving that was unexpected. Lucifer still should be faster, so how?

Ryan fired two arrows, one at the face and another toward Lucifer's heart, but he grabbed those as soon as they appeared. Although his left eye and heart were pierced, he didn't even flinch. He only was pushed back a few dozen meters. Without the surprise element, Ryan's attacks couldn't damage him all that much. Rather, Lucifer wouldn't let himself be damaged all that much.

Although Ryan said that he wouldn't need help, he could see Lucifer growing stronger with each passing minute. His status was also growing alongside it so Ryan had to deal with him as soon as possible.

Since mana was no longer a problem due to the effects of the bow, Ryan began to relentlessly attack Lucifer in order to make the effects of his skills grow stronger as well. It was probably the only way to keep up with the demon. However, Ryan began to feel his mana being drained by Lucifer's eyes he was using Greed power.

"Oh? You want to play like that?" Ryan smiled and then undid his Draconic Transformation.

Your dexterity has increased by 4000 points.

Your dexterity has increased by 4000 points.

Your dexterity has increased by 4000 points.

Lucifer opened his eyes widely when he saw that. It was a power different from the ones created by him. It was the power created by the system itself, after all. Once he realized that he was going to lose in that exchange, Lucifer created a sphere of dark energy and forced Ryan to move away. Before Ryan could stop, hundreds of dark bolts appeared around him and then pierced his body. The temporal shield didn't protect him However, the power of the angels helped Ryan and prevented those from piercing too deeply.

After he saw Ryan using time healing and canceling the effects of the attack, Lucifer recognized that for the time being, long-ranged attacks wouldn't be useful. It was only a matter of time, though Ryan had no idea how strong he could become using the power of pride and wrath.

When Lucifer pointed one of his fingers to Ryan, he felt his stamina being drained. That was Belphegor's power Ryan's body wavered due to the exhaustion, and Lucifer used that chance to drop-kick his face. Ryan felt his skull cracking as he was spinning in space, and before he could stop, Lucifer punched his stomach. His speed had increased again instead of solving the problem of the constant power-ups that Lucifer can obtain pretty much whenever possible, Ryan was getting his ass kicked

However, when Death sense warned Ryan of the next attack, he suddenly stopped moving. He then used a Draconic Bow on Lucifer's face. At point-blank range, he was bound to feel the power of the attack that could destroy planets but unfortunately, when Lucifer stopped moving in the opposite direction, Ryan only saw a few wounds making just a bit of blood to flow

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1