Chapter 12: Many Tricks

Chapter 12: Many tricks

"Well then what should I do?" Ryan asked himself.

Given that dozens of dragons appeared in that area, it wouldn't be hard to believe that thousands of dragons appeared all over the world. So, even though it was sad to imagine that, Ryan could easily imagine a single dragon destroying one and make it fall. The chances of someone surviving a plane crash were null. So, heading outside to search for survivors was a waste of time, but maybe Ryan might find something that may be useful among the wreckage.

" Hundreds of people died in a possible plane crash, and here I'm thinking about looting the plane," Ryan said after a long sigh. "I changed for the worse in just a few days not even the apocalypse changed me so much."

Ryan learned how to be a survivor, so it couldn't be helped that his way of thinking was selfish. His father taught him how to be a hunter, not a hero. While hunting, the world was only him and his target, and at that moment, Ryan's target was the end of that dungeon. Although his conscience was making him feel terrible, his instincts were telling him that he was doing the right thing So, Ryan could only pray that he wouldn't regret that later.

After hearing the next slime approaching, Ryan readied his bow and prepared to shot. The Fireball would reveal the exact position of the core for him, and fortunately, the Fireball wouldn't be able to destroy his arrow or even change the course. So, Ryan could only wait for it while imagining that his speed increase would be enough to dodge the magic projectile completely.

"Mmm?" Ryan frowned when the sound stopped, but he didn't see the Fireball appearing.

Something was off and Ryan immediately concluded that the slime would use Earth Arrow, but once again, he decided things too fast. He indeed heard something being fired by the slime, but the sound was different from the Earth Arrows. A light-blue object suddenly appeared in his flashlight range, and immediately, Ryan moved to the side. As usual, the projectile was targeting his head. Thanks to it and his increased speed, Ryan managed to dodge the attack.

"A Water Arrow" Ryan muttered, annoyed. "How can a simple monster species like slime be able to use so many spells?"

There was no pointing in worrying about that. Besides, Ryan had five seconds to kill the slime before the monster could attack again, and unfortunately, the creature wasn't moving. Ryan ran toward the direction the attack came from and, fortunately, managed to find the slime after just two seconds. Ryan had more than enough time to calm down and relax his muscles before the shoot.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! The skill Accuracy has leveled up.

Accuracy Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Increases the chance of dealing a critical hit by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Phew I guess I won't learn some Dodge or Evade skill like this," Ryan said after a long sigh. "The fights became relatively easy, but the tension is quickly tiring me out, mentally."

Regardless, Ryan confirmed that he became faster by increasing his speed while moving and when reacting to attacks. That was indeed, impressive. Even though he couldn't feel his body becoming any lighter, he could move faster. That being said, Ryan couldn't get ahead of himself he only would feel satisfied when he gets fast enough to outspeed dragons. That kind of long-term goal was almost impossible to reach, but at the very least, it would keep Ryan from getting ahead of himself.

Little by little, Ryan could feel that he was getting close to the end of that dungeon, that was only expected given that the mountain where he brought a house wasn't that big and the dungeon was near the top. That place really felt like a tutorial dungeon even though the vast majority of humans would never be able to use that dungeon.

It was impossible to understand why such a place would suddenly appear alongside the dragons. If someone wanted to prepare humans for the battles against monsters, a dungeon like that was supposed to appear months, if not years, before dragons could appear. Then again, Ryan couldn't imagine why someone powerful enough to cause earthquakes and open dungeons that spawn monsters would help humans. That being said if that whole situation was being caused by someone, that someone was powerful enough to wipe out the whole human race. Ryan began to wonder if the earthquakes and the dragons had been caused and summoned by two different beings

When that possibility entered Ryan's mind, he suddenly saw the light at the end of that dungeon. It was weird since he couldn't imagine what or why the end of the dungeon would be as bright as the entrance, given that he was sure that there was no hole above it. In any case, Ryan approached and confirmed that the slimes were coming from there because he saw another one in that direction.

"I can certainly use this place," Ryan smirked.

After turning off the flashlight, Ryan hid in the darkness. It looked like somehow the monsters could feel humans' presence, but even if that was the case, the slimes couldn't see well in the darkness. Ryan concluded that because that slime approached him without a hint of hesitation, he couldn't have asked for an easier target than that one. Ryan killed the slime without a hint of hesitation.

You obtained one coin.

After just walking for ten minutes, Ryan found the dungeon's end, and there he found three things. The thing that was spawning the slimes, which was a purple crystal, a massive slime that Ryan was one hundred percent sure that he couldn't kill, and a treasure box. He had imagined that he would find a boss and a treasure chest but confirming that theory only left him speechless.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1