Chapter 14: Price

Chapter 14: Price

Ryan had wasted too much time glaring at that female officer. Thanks to it, the next slime appeared before he could even buy the wooden bow. After taking a deep breath, Ryan calmed down and turned to face the slime. Those three frowned when Ryan suddenly showed his back to them, but then eventually, they began to hear the sound of the slime as well.

"What is this sound?" The female officer frowned.

"Unless you guys want to get hit, I recommend that all of you to get down," Ryan said while he was nocking his arrow.

"What?" The female police officer asked, surprised.

Ryan didn't know why, but the slime this time used Fireball to attack him. Since they were simple monsters, Ryan thought he could predict their actions, but that wouldn't be easy. Regardless, the very moment the Fireball appeared was the moment that Ryan shot his arrow. As usual, Ryan hit the core and killed the monster. As long as he concentrates, it looked like Ryan could hit anything within thirty meters of range.

You obtained one coin.

In any case, Ryan lowered his stance to avoid getting hit by the Fireball, but he still felt the heat of it. Somehow, the two police officers that were standing managed to do the same on time, and when they turned around, they saw the Fireball decreasing in size, power, and speed until it dissipated.

"Shit there are monsters even here," The female police officer said, annoyed.

Ryan approached, and then the dungeon shop finally appeared in front of him. Now that he got close to them, he finally noticed why he got so angry at her. It was because she was a redhead just like Mia. In the end, deep-down, Ryan hated Mia for it, the same thing could be said for Daniel, but he didn't have time to waste with that.

In any case, even though she was a redhead, the female police officer didn't look like Mia even a bit. She was kind of short, and her eyes were brown, not green. As for the wounded police officer, he was a blond man with short hair and blue eyes. Aside from that, he looked pretty average, but the last police officer was a tall, physically strong black dude. Although his hands were dirty with blood, Ryan could tell that it wasn't his. It was monsters' blood. Despite the situation, Ryan could also tell that he was a calm person who was especially good at looking for his partners. While the female officer was treating the blonde guy, he was calmly looking around for enemies while also keeping an eye on Ryan.

Although they started with the wrong feet, Ryan was sure that they could help each other. Still, they were police officers. Would they focus on their own survival in a situation like that? Probably not. They only looked for a place to hide because one of them was wounded. Regardless, their attention focused on Ryan again when suddenly a wooden bow appeared on his hands.

"What the heck" The blond police officer said. "We can really buy things in this place?"

The redhead police officer looked at Ryan even more suspiciously, but she didn't say anything. Ryan just had warned them about the slime's attack, after all. However, their focus changed again when, suddenly, the blond officer looked less pale.

"Mmm the pain decreased," The blond police officer said, surprised. "And I'm suddenly feeling hungry."

"This isn't time to joke around, Cole," The redhead police officer said.

"He isn't joking, his recovery stat just healed him a little, but it was at the cost of the nutrients of his body," Ryan explained. "I lost part of my right ear, but as you can see, it is back to normal."

" Did your shoulder was hit by something too?" The redhead female officer asked.

"Yes, it got scratched by a Fireball twenty minutes ago," Ryan replied. "However, the pain disappeared just now. In any case, you received several notifications, right? If you use some points and allocate them in recovery, you will heal much faster. In ten minutes, you will heal again, so you should decide what to do with your status points before that."

"You are well-informed," The black police officer said. "So, we are not the only ones who are seeing those weird screens. It is really possible that we can improve our bodies, just like that?"

"My father taught me how to hunt," Ryan replied. "Thanks to it, I have some skill with this bow. However, hitting something thirty meters away from me with such precision was impossible for me one hour ago. But after I increased my dexterity, my skill improved learning new skills and leveling them up will also help."

"Hahaha" Cole forced a laugh. "The world is ending by the hands of monsters, and things look like a game This is so fucked up."

"Save your energy," The female police officer said. "Why did you buy another bow? I'm pretty sure that it is possible to buy protective gear like helmets and armor here."

"Because of this and this," Ryan replied, showing one of his damaged arrows and then created a regular wooden arrow using his wooden bow.

Even Ryan could tell that he was adapting way too fast, so he didn't feel bothered by the eyes full of suspicion of those three. Putting that aside, Ryan decided his next steps. He could use six Power Shots and create six wooden arrows every ten minutes, and that dungeon could spawn six slimes every ten minutes. So, he had to see if a single wooden arrow added with the power of Power Shot would be enough to kill the ordinary slimes. If that weren't the case, he would have to keep increasing his dexterity and recovery.

However, when the next slime appeared, Ryan pierced his core with ease, killing it. The creature began to evaporate at the next moment. However, his arrow also got destroyed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1