Chapter 11: Crash

Chapter 11: Crash

Another slime suddenly appeared to make Ryan wake up from his own world. Now that Ryan had the skills to kill the slimes before the creature could do that to him, the fear and tension disappeared, and now he had some leisure to get angry at the monsters for stopping that sentimental moment. However, in the last moment, Ryan managed to calm down and fire his arrow was always and this time, before the slime could feel the fear for its life but it seemed like his anger didn't disappear completely.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Rage.

Effect: Sacrifices temporarily one percent of your mana, intelligence, control, mentality, and willpower to increase your health, stamina, strength, endurance, and speed temporarily by the same amount.

You obtained 01 status point.

"So, even this can become a skill" Ryan said, surprised. "What else can I try to do in order to obtain a skill?"

Ryan had a pair of knives in his backpack. If he uses them in a battle, he was certain that he would learn something like Knife Mastery. However, he didn't want to get too close to the slimes.

Regardless, Ryan began to move again, and even though it was dangerous, he decided to keep the knives in hand. He didn't have much skill in throwing knives, but as long as he hits the target, Ryan was pretty sure that that would be enough, and when he heard the sound of the next slime approaching, he just threw the knife with all his might toward that direction. Despite his lack of experience, Ryan heard the sound of his knife piercing something quite soft. However, before he could nock his arrow, Ryan saw a Fireball growing.

Ryan accepted the danger and didn't stop his preparation even when the Fireball was flying. He shot when the magic projectile was fifteen meters away from him, and then he tried to use all his strength to move his head since that was the slime's target.

You obtained one coin.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Throw.

Effect: Causes damage by throwing objects. The weight of the object will increase the damage caused. The final damage will be the object's weight divided by ten and multiplied by 10% of your strength.

Cost: 01 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heat Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all fire-type attacks by one point per level even when they don't damage you directly.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Ugh not again," Ryan muttered in pain.

This time he managed to evade even getting scratched by the Fireball, but Ryan could smell his hair slightly burned he didn't avoid the Fireball completely. Regardless, he didn't suffer any damage, so the pain was bearable.

Putting such worries aside, Ryan didn't expect that he would learn something like Heat Resistance. Not only that, the skill Throw looked like it would be useful despite its low-cost. That being said, he would have to increase his strength if he wanted to be able to throw with a certain level of accuracy some objects.

After picking up and cleaning his dirty knife from the slime's fluid, Ryan began to move again. He had some points to allocate, but he couldn't help but wonder if it was a good idea to keep putting them only on dexterity. That attribute would increase the damage he causes with bows and even his range with them. However, a simple composed bow had a certain range even if Ryan had the skills to hit with magical precision monsters fifty meters away from him, the same thing couldn't be applied for that bow. Besides, even if the bow could be used like that, he was in a dark place. The dungeon wasn't a single straight path either. So, it was clear that Ryan couldn't make good use of his dexterity in such a place.

"Perhaps some points into speed will help me, but I guess I should put some into recovery as well," Ryan concluded. "Power Shot is too useful to ignore, and it would become even more useful by leveling up, and to do that, I will need more stamina."

Class: --/--/--

Race: --/--/--

Rank: --

Health: 10/10 (0, 0096)

Mana: 10/10 (0, 0096)

Stamina: 10/10 (0,0096)

Strength: 07

Dexterity: 19 (+2)

Speed: 12

Intelligence: 06

Endurance: 07

Control: 06

Mentality: 07

Luck: 05

Recovery: 06

Willpower: 09

Coins: 11

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 01, Throw Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 02, Concentration Lv 02, Archery Lv 02, Accuracy Lv 01, Stealth Lv 01, Pain Resistance Lv 01, Perception Lv 01, Rage Lv 01,

Spells: Analysis Lv 01, Lurk Lv 01

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 01, Fear Resistance Lv 01, Fire Resistance Lv 01, Heat Resistance Lv 01,

"Well things are progressing faster than I expected," Ryan said while he was checking his status screen. "Still I thought this place would have many intersections. I didn't explore much of it yet, but not finding those certainly is making me relax more."

It would be problematic if Ryan finds two or three options of the path ahead and then chooses the wrong path because that would give the monsters the chance to attack him from behind. Or, if the monsters were spawning in different places, they would be able to attack him from the front and the back and that would be disastrous.

Regardless, Ryan allocated some points into speed to prevent the worst-case scenario, so he didn't have to worry too much about it. Still, he couldn't feel that he had become much faster. At least he couldn't tell that just by walking.

Suddenly, Ryan heard and felt a massive impact, and then a powerful wave of wind entered the cave after a few seconds. Something massive fell nearby. He didn't want to believe that was a dragon and probably wasn't since even such massive beasts would suffer damage by landing like that. But if that weren't the case, then it seemed like an airplane had fallen nearby.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1