Chapter 203: Discipline

Chapter 203: Discipline

Ryan actually wanted a map in paper form for him, but somehow, Mark was convinced that carrying such a detailed map around wasn't a good idea. So, all the information he had in the base had been digitalized. He talked as if the monsters ate all the hackers in the world

"We found around fifty species of monsters in our country, but that doesn't mean we have to deal with fifty dungeons," Mark explained. "As you already know, some dungeons spawn the same monsters."

"Yeah," Ryan nodded.

"As for the precise number of dungeons, based on the dungeons already cleared and the places where we can find a vast concentration of monsters we conclude that we have 204 dungeons in our country at this moment," Mark explained.

"At this moment?" Ryan frowned. "What do you mean by that?"

"Yes, because we saw seven new dungeons appearing over the last week," Mark answered. "Although they didn't spawn a new species of monsters and they start to spawn level one monsters, we are worried about them."

Ryan nodded it made sense that new dungeons could appear since other sapient beings were controlling them. Still, considering their goals, even though they were still unknown, it seemed like a bad idea to create dungeons when other creatures already dominated some areas, and most humans have died.

"If you don't mind, I would you to tell me the jobs you could have obtained on the dungeons you cleared," Mark said.

"I guess that is fine" Ryan said since the chances of them learning every single class he chose were close to none.

"Mmm those Summoner and Beastmaster class seem pretty interesting," John said, visibly interested. "They would be very useful on the hands of those who don't want to join the front lines."

"Indeed," Mark nodded. "Ryan, the survivors you brought the other day mentioned that you used monsters to train them. Can you tell us your thoughts about these classes?"

" They are useful, but you need a lot of mana to use them properly," Ryan said. "One of the skills of the summoner class needs five hundred points of mana to be used. As for the Beastmaster class, you need to beat the monster before making them join your side."

"That is a lot of mana," Lilian said. "Most non-combatants survivors don't focus on a single attribute like that. I suppose if they want to obtain those classes, they will have to increase their mana by meditating for a few months."

"On the good side, the coins the monsters earn go directly to you," Ryan added. "If you have confidence in your monsters' strength, you can do like me and use them to seal some dungeons."

"That seems interesting," Danie said. "By the way, you seem a lot calmer today, Ryan. Did something happen?"

"Come to think of it, I didn't fuck you today, did I?" Ryan asked.

"I don't remember you ever saying that," Daniel smiled and then stopped when he saw a vein throbbing on Ryan's forehead.

"Back to the topic," Mark said. "We also should monitor the level of strength of the monsters and the date the dungeon is likely to break. Some of us can use Appraisal, but I guess you saw most dungeons of this entire group. Can I ask you to write the attributes of the monsters you see on a piece of paper?"

"That will cost you," Ryan said.

"Fair enough," Mark nodded. "How about one thousand coins for each type of monster you gather their data and more one thousand for each upgrade in their status that you consider noteworthy?"

"That will do," Ryan nodded.

In the end, Ryan will have to make use of low-level dungeons to level skills like Flash, so he actually won't lose anything by doing that. Besides, if the base survivors obtain some item and decide to sell, Ryan might hit the jackpot since it would be natural to sell anything below the price of the dungeon shops.

"So, which direction are you going to follow?" Mark asked. "We managed to find some survivors in the last few days, but honestly, I don't think we will achieve much success in the future in these conditions and after the second dungeon breaks. So, it is finally time to focus on strengthening ourselves."

Mark was pretty bold. Even though the population will increase, he wanted to make sure he won't send the survivors to areas where Ryan and probably Alissa is going to go. That made sense, but it was quite risky.

"Mmm the Fenrir bosses are between Toronto and Montreal, right?" Ryan asked. "It is pretty close to New York considering that there are routes to reach the ocean even from there, maybe I can find the megalodons as well. I guess I am going to check things there. I can't let those monsters eat all the dragon hearts."

Although Ryan's reasoning seemed pretty selfish, no one could complain since going there was also risky. Truth to be told, they were expecting that Alissa would go to that area at some point to ease their worries, but telling her what to do was anything but easy.

"On your way, you will find Salamanders, skeletons, and earthworms," Mark said. "The path will be hard since we didn't explore anything in that direction yet, so the number of monsters will be high. Once you cross the border, you will find the Dire Wolves. Those are the monsters that the Fenrir's dungeons spawn."

Dire wolf that was a terrifying name. Still, Ryan wasn't that worried about it because he will have plenty of time to train the skills that he needed. Besides, that part of the continent was pretty cold this time of the year, so it was the perfect chance for Ryan to make good use of his Icebound.

"Should I pack some thick clothes for the cold, or should I just level up that skill? I guess I won't pack anything. I will need to discipline myself in those harsh conditions. Otherwise, I won't win against the monsters when they have the advantage of the terrain."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1