Chapter 206: Hot Blooded

Chapter 206: Hot blooded

Using Wind Manipulation, Ryan controlled his shield and made it block the Fire Spears. Although he had enough mana to do that, his mana bar began to decrease since the impact of the attacks forced him to use more energy.

"Not good" Ryan muttered.

It looked like Ryan underestimated the salamanders since, in the past, he didn't have a hard time dealing with them. To make matters worse, his giant bees were starting to die at a worrisome pace.

Ryan clicked his tongue it was time to stop being so greedy. He put his bow away and grabbed his wand. While his summoned monsters were still alive, Ryan had to kill at least the bosses that left the base. With a shield in his left hand and the wand on the right, Ryan fired Thunder Arrows at the bosses. Fortunately, they lost two seconds paralyzed every time they got hit while they recovered from the electric damage. However, Ryan was using too much mana.

In the end, Ryan bit his wand and then canceled Incomplete Reptilian Transformation, only to activate it again in his head. Without wasting any more time, Ryan used Thunder Arrows again, and their power and effects increased quite a bit.

"I guess this will do"

The salamanders tried to block the projectiles with their flames, but since Thunder Arrows got more condensed energy, they never accomplished that. One by one, the bosses began to fall down, still, when only ten of them were left. Ryan noticed that his giant bees had fallen

It was all or nothing now. Ryan jumped from his earth platform and equipped his Paralyzing Spear. When the monsters attacked him, he used Flash to escape the flames and land on one of the bosses' back. Ryan wanted to use Tame on five of those, but he didn't have the luxury to do so in that kind of situation. After activating all the buffs that increased his strength, Ryan used Backstab and killed another Elder Salamander.

You obtained 2.250 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Flash has leveled up.

Flash Lv 14  Lv 15

Effect: It grants you the power to move instantly to a place in your field of vision. The distance will be the level of the skill in meters.

Cost: 50 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

The very moment the salamanders realized that their companion was long gone, all of them aimed their Flamethrowers at Ryan, but in the end, they only burned to a crisp the fallen monster. Ryan was already on the back of another creature and ready to strike, and when he did it, he had another idea.

"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Ryan roared.

Ryan got caught off-guard when his skill consumed more mana than it should have, but then he quickly understood what had happened. His Scream stunned all the bosses and even some ordinary salamanders. In that single second, Ryan beheaded two other bosses. Things were proceeding well, but then Ryan began to feel the ground trembling and the sound of something approaching he didn't even have to look at it to understand that the second wave of monsters was coming to finish the job of the first. It was regrettable, but Ryan decided to retreat. After using Flash to appear several meters above the ground, Ryan used Wind Manipulation to create a wind sphere, and then he hit himself with it it was the only thing he could do that wouldn't make much noise. In the end, the monsters never realized in which direction Ryan escape, and Ryan only had to break a few ribs for that.

"Why I always rush ahead in a hurry and cause these kinds of situations? I can't take lightly the monsters of a dungeon that broke two times, even if they are monsters that I already defeated before."

Thinking that only sapient beings were only those who could cause Ryan problems was a mistake. In any case, at least this time, he learned several things and decreased the power of the monsters' army.

"I can't exactly save time and my coins at the same time if I want to rush ahead, sacrifices had to be made. Either I pay with my life for making this kind of mistake eventually, or I pay the price with coins."

Instead of trying again, Ryan spends the night summoning Giant Bees and making them spread around town to hunt the salamanders. Their strength was more or less the same level, but the salamanders had the advantage due to their elemental attacks. Still, Ryan solved that problem easily by making his monsters move in groups of three. After all, until now, he didn't the monsters moving in groups, not the salamanders at least.

When morning came, Ryan decided to change his tactics a little bit. In the previous night's battle, the bosses caused quite a lot of problems, but the ordinary salamanders didn't. So, Ryan decided to snipe them again. However, instead of being greedy, Ryan would take things slowly. Sniping one Elder Salamander and then changing his locations before the monsters could tell him where he was. That worked pretty well for a while, but then eventually, the bosses took refuge inside the dungeon.

"For monsters who don't have the level of intellect as humans, they sure can be annoying"

Regardless, it was only a matter of time before Ryan finishes his business in that down and kills all the salamanders. Even if the bosses stay hidden inside the dungeon, things will proceed favorably once Ryan's giant bees kill all of the ordinary salamanders. After all, while Ryan couldn't hit the enemies from very far away in confined spaces, the monsters also don't have much room to dodge his arrows.

To make sure that the monsters weren't plotting anything, Ryan attacked the salamanders around the dungeon with his bow and by using the Giant Bees several times. However, the bosses never left the dungeon. They certainly were plotting something fishy Ryan couldn't leave them along because of that, so his workload increased.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1