Chapter 208: Class: Disciple

Chapter 208: Class: Disciple

Fortunately, one Elder Salamander was left behind, so Ryan managed to tame the monster. Using that same creature to guard the dungeon was a bad match-up. It was better to leave some giant bees behind to do that, and so Ryan did it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Gladiator, Spy, and Disciple.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"I already saw those, but I didn't choose any Again, the most obvious would be to pick Spy, but I can guess what skills I will obtain. On the other hand, learning what Disciple can do might give me some valuable intel."

Now that Ryan thought about it, he had to write the data he obtained from the salamanders. He more or less could remember the status of the bosses and the minions, so that wasn't a problem. Anyway, Ryan also decided to write down in the notebook Mark gave him the date of the dungeon break and ask him again what dungeons had been cleared in the last month. Putting that aside, Ryan decided to pick the Disciple class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Disciple!

You obtained the following skills: Master, Memory, and Learn.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by two points, your stamina, health, control, and recovery will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Master.

Effect: it grants you the power to select someone as your master. By fighting alongside them, you can obtain the chance to use some of their skills and eventually learn other skills.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Memory.

Effect: It grants you the power to use one of your master's skills. The skill can't be higher level than Memory, and you can't use the skill unless your master is nearby.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Learn.

Effect: It grants you the chance to learn one of your master's skills. The more complicated the skill is, the more time you will have to fight alongside your master and see the skill in action to learn it.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan let out a long sigh that was probably the worse class someone like him could have chosen. It was an awesome class for people who followed others, but not for people like Ryan, who liked to be alone and were too proud to work or learn from others.

"Oh well At least this intel will be useful for Mark and the others. Maybe I should sell the information for a high price to compensate for his headache."

In any case, Ryan left the dungeon and the area as quickly as possible. He didn't get a single tome, the class he picked sucked, and he lost three days there he only bad memories of that place, so it was a given that he wanted to get the hell out of there. Fortunately, his mood improved the more he moved to the East. Why? Because the more he advanced, the colder the weather got, and eventually, he even found a thing slayer of snow before he found the earthworm's dungeon.

Ryan checked his status screen and confirmed that his recovery increased mysteriously by twelve points. That was the power of Icebound in action. Hopefully, the more he fights, the faster the skill will level up instead of the longer he stays in such regions. Still Ryan was quite bothered by the weather.

"I would understand that I would eventually find snow while going North, but why only the area close to the coast has this layer of snow?"

As if things weren't weird enough, Ryan already could see the Earthworms' dungeon, but he wasn't attacked by them a single time. In any case, before approaching the dungeon, Ryan decided to equip his magic wand, even though the weather wasn't appropriate to use electric attacks.

The Earthworms' dungeon was located in the center of a pretty large farm. Thanks to the grass and snow, Ryan couldn't quite see from a distance any marks left by the earthworms. However, when he got close enough, he saw many holes left by them. However, not a single earthworm appeared. Ryan's tension only increased thanks to that, but he kept advancing until he arrived at the dungeon. He waited for a few minutes, but again not a single monster appeared.

"Wait here," Ryan said to his Elder Salamander," At this rate, it looks like you will guard the skeletons' dungeon"

Ryan had more or less an idea of what was going on, and when he reached the last part of the dungeon, he confirmed his suspicions. Instead of an Earthworm boss, he saw six humans guarding the purple crystal. They looked kind of familiar, but then Ryan recalled where he saw them when one of them gave him a letter.

"You are TOO slow. I cleared this dungeon on the second day after the second dungeon break, but you don't have to worry, my guys decided to ask for some harsh training, so I am going to make them guard some dungeons for a while by themselves. So, most likely, I will challenge the Fenrir's dungeon in a week. Knowing you, you probably will head for New York first, so if you take your time, by the time you reach those regions, I may have already solved the whole situation."

Ryan took a deep breath Alissa wrote that letter. It looked like at least she had some respect for Ryan since her way to notify him of those things. However, the respect wasn't that deep since it looked like she was challenging him.

" When was the last time you guys cleared this dungeon?" Ryan asked already imagining the worst.

"Three hours ago," A random woman replied.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1