Chapter 201: Class: Sniper

Chapter 201: Class: Sniper

For some reason, when Ryan headed to the last part of the dungeon, he found the boss patiently waiting for him. It was another reptilian who seemed as powerful as Eci, but the creature didn't seem like it wanted to fight. The monster only glared at Ryan as if he had done something unforgivable.

"It was you who did all this?" The boss asked. "You humans indeed are worse than the dirt beneath our feet. Our master gave you gifts, forgave your actions, and even offered you power. However, you not only refused but even got in the way of her plans."

"Sorry, I don't think I would feel comfortable joining the side of the monsters which decimated this city," Ryan shrugged.

"You didn't the same to us?" The boss asked.

"I guess so, but you guys invaded this planet and took advantage of the chaos caused by dragons," Ryan said.

"Such pathetic words how come you reached this level of power without understanding your new reality?" The boss asked again. "This is a total war, only those who make most of the situation can survive until the very end."

"I think I am doing pretty well considering that," Ryan said.

" My master knows about you now," The boss glared at Ryan. "Her children will hunt you down until the moment of your death, and don't you think that death will be the end for you."

"Woah, so scary," Ryan faked, his body trembling. "Now die."

Ryan nocked one of his special arrows, but it looked like that wasn't even necessary. The boss knew that it couldn't face Ryan, who defeated by himself an entire army of reptilians. That was kind of disappointing, but it wasn't like he didn't see that before.

You obtained 25.000 coins.

"Echidna's children will hunt me so she is a woman," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, I can't remember where I heard that name"

In the end, Ryan didn't have any other option aside from research it. He certainly wasn't going to use the purple crystal to go to another world when he doesn't have a single pleasant memory of the times. He did that. In any case, it was time to receive the real rewards for his hard work.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Champion, Sniper, and War Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Although those were some classes he never saw before, Ryan didn't have to waste time thinking about which one to choose. The answer was obvious.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Sniper!

You obtained the following skills: Hawkeye, Deadly Aim, and Force.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your mana, health, control, and speed will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hawkeye.

Effect: it passively increases the range of your attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deadly Aim.

Effect: It consumes mana to grant you a critical hit no matter what if a target is in your field of vision.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Force.

Effect: It grants you the power to change the trajectory of your projectiles.

Cost: 20 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Interesting skills Hawkeye and Deadly Aim will certainly work well together."

Although each level's bonus up in that class seemed nice, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if looking for new classes was really the best option. He had so many skills that he barely used, after all. If he had single-mindedly focused on leveling up Power Shot, perhaps he would have the firepower to shut beings like Lilith and Baal. Then again, without those classes, his attributes wouldn't have grown all that much.

"Whatever, let's head back while still is dark hopefully, I will be able to carry my loot and sell to Mark. Considering the intelligence of dragons, they will probably stay away from dungeons since even they can have a hard time against thousands of monsters."

In the end, Ryan created a large cart using the ores he obtained and some Earth Manipulation. It wasn't perfect, and it made a lot of noise, but it was enough to carry all the loot he obtained, and those which would pull the cart were the giant bees. Unfortunately, strength wasn't their forte, so Ryan had to summon several others. It was a pity the T-rexes died.

When Ryan returned, he let out a long sigh because Mark was in a meeting with most survivors' leaders. The only ones who weren't present were Ryan and Alissa since one liked to work alone and the other had her own followers.

"It looks like you guys stopped due to the dungeon break that is about to happen," Ryan said. "Well, I will return when you finish things with them."

" I believe you should stay and hear this," Mark said.

Mark's tone was kind of off. Even Hugo was showing a conflicted expression, and that was weird. As for the others, they also had an expression of disbelief on their faces. It looked like they learned or heard about something very complicated. Ryan was quite interested in knowing if what they knew was weirder than the fact that he was invited to join the monsters' side.

"I am listening," Ryan said. "but please be quick. I have things to do as well."

"When I was looking for all the dungeons in the country, I found several things," Mark said. "One of them is that half of Mexico has been destroyed due to a single species of monster, and something similar is happening in the north, in our border with Canada. For the time being, both species stopped their advance on Mexico and Canada, and now they are focusing their sights on our country."

"And?" Ryan asked.

"Yeah, that was bound to happen the problem is the species of monsters," Mark covered his face with both hands and then sighed. "They are called Chupacabra and Fenrir."

Class: Hunter Lv 43 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 43 (+ 03 UP)/ Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 611th

Health: 345/430 (2.00 /s)

Mana: 609/775 (2.00 /s)

Stamina: 444/560 (2.00 /s)

Strength: 10 (+75) (+60)

Dexterity: 750 (+535) (+27)

Speed: 70 (+212) (+28)

Intelligence: 60 (+259) (+3)

Endurance: 07 (+76) (+100)

Control: 06 (+249) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+16) (+30)

Luck: 65 (+9)

Recovery: 450 (+561) (+200)

Willpower: 09 (+16)

Coins: 545.000

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills Power of Money Lv 17 (+ 04 UP), Hawkeye Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 43 (+ 02 UP), Concentration Lv 43 (+ 02 UP), Archery Lv 43 (+ 02 UP), Accuracy Lv 43 (+ 02 UP),

Spells: Heal Lv 30 (+ 04 UP), Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 35 (+ 05 UP), Tame Lv 41 (+ 19 UP), Protect Lv 11 (+ 10 UP), Fire Prison Lv 01, Ice Chains Lv 01, Quagmire Lv 01, Water Transformation Lv 01, Deadly Aim Lv 01, Force Lv 01,

Support Skills: Sleep Resistance Lv 19 (+ 03 UP), Nocturnal Eyes Lv 18 (+ 05 UP), Poison Resistance Lv 15 (+ 09 UP), Master's Support Lv 15 (+ 05 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 40 (+ 05 UP), Beastmaster Lv 19 (+ 03 UP), Archer Lv 32 (+ 02 UP), Mercenary Lv 17 (+ 02 UP), Corsair Lv 09, Summoner Lv 15 (+ 10 UP), Combat Archer Lv 10 (+ 03 UP), Rogue Lv 03 (+ 02 UP), Sorcerer Lv 09 (+ 08 UP), Sniper Lv 01,

Non-Combatant:

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1