Chapter 209: Stamina Restoration

Chapter 209: Stamina Restoration

Ryan's luck wasn't that good, it seemed. His options were: to wait for twenty-one hours with those who worshipped Alissa or just skip the dungeon and come back to the class the other day. In the end, Ryan decided to skip the dungeon since he won't be able to fight. Strangely enough, Alissa's henchmen became strong enough to defeat the bosses without suffering a single scratch.

"Well, at least now I don't have to worry about that the third simultaneous dungeon break will destroy our country completely."

Maybe Mark wasn't aware of it, but he eventually will if he uses the satellite. Regardless since his salamander wasn't used to the snow, Ryan had to slow down a little bit. Unfortunately, things only worse the more he approached New York. The snow began to get quite tall.

"Might as well train my magic while I am here."

It wasn't perfect due to the skill level, but Water Manipulation granted Ryan the power to move the snow of his path. He also used Flame Arrow and the salamander's Flamethrower.

According to the map Mark had, the skeletons' dungeon was a few kilometers north of the city. While some other dungeons were in the South. The city was quite in a dire situation since it was so close to the ocean, and even from very far away, Ryan could some dragons flying above it.

"I guess I will have to make another stop here"

Although Ryan's backpack was filled with potions, he decided to be cautious. Before anything, he created a hideout underground since he wouldn't be able to kill all the dragons without stopping to take a break. Not only his firing power wasn't quite there, but his bow could only endure so much energy at a time.

"I wonder why they are flying above the city when the megalodons must be pretty close maybe is because their numbers are low? Anyway, I can think about this later."

Ryan have been waiting to kill some dragons for a few days, so there was no way he would miss that chance. In order to prevent failure, he will go all out and not be stingy with potions or anything else. While Ryan was preparing, he had another idea, so he made sure to leave his salamander behind and then created an earth tower to fire the first shot. Five minutes later, Ryan was already charging his Power Shot while at the same time was controlling his potions with Wind Manipulation and pouring them over him to recover his mana. Much faster than before, the bow's durability began to decrease, and Ryan decided to use that as a sign that it was enough. He had to charge only for a full minute, but he was confident in his power.

When Ryan fired the arrow, the shockwave caused by it almost sent him flying backward. He only stopped because a statue behind him prevented it. Still, Ryan almost missed the time to use Force. Within three seconds, the arrow covered the distance between Ryan and the red dragon that he had chosen as a target, but the beast somehow managed to feel the danger to its life and move his body to evade the blow. However, half of the monster's head explodes since Ryan adjusted his arrow's movement in the blink of an eye.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 600 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 588th

You obtained Stamina Restoration Tome.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stamina Restoration.

Effect: Recovers one point of stamina per second.

Cost: 01 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

After enduring so much crap in the last few weeks, Ryan felt incredible by killing in one shot a dragon. He succeeded in doing that, now he just needed to do so without relying on potions, and he would receive a massive boost in morale. Regardless, Ryan left the watchtower and then hid underground.

As fast as possible, he began to repair his bow, but the very moment he succeeded in doing that, he heard the sound of the dragon's wings flapping nearby. Judging by the sound alone, Ryan could hear three dragons. That was odd he saw five flying above Long Island.

Before continuing his attacks, Ryan decided to check things with his own eyes. Thanks to Earth Manipulation and Water Transformation, he managed to leave his hideout without making anything suspicious appear on the ground. In any case, he confirmed that three dragons were nearby, two red and one light blue. The monsters were flying around the small tower Ryan had created and the statue he had made to fool the monsters.

"The other disappeared which is odd. Shall I wait here and see how things will play out?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

As long as Ryan is careful, even if he attacks, as long as he doesn't clearly show himself, the monsters will never notice that he was underground. Still, just to be safe, Ryan decided to use another thing to distract the monsters around. After increasing the underground path's size, Ryan summoned several Giant Bees and made them appear behind the monsters. The creatures turned around, surprised thanks to those creatures' sudden arrival, and with that, they exposed their backs to Ryan.

Ryan smirked. A chance like that was rare to come by, and there was no way he would lose it. Without a hint of hesitation, Ryan pulled the string and began to charge his Power Shot. Although his giant bees had lasted only for a couple of seconds, they had bought just enough time. A weird brown cloud was coming from the West, making a lot of noise, and that had already grabbed the attention of the dragons. Those were the other Giant bees that Ryan didn't leave behind.

When those three dragons prepared themselves for the fight, Ryan attacked another red dragon and killed the monster in a single strike. After that, Ryan equipped his Paralyzing Spear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1