Chapter 218: Darkness Resistance

Chapter 218: Darkness Resistance

It was obvious, but Alissa and Ryan couldn't just walk in a straight line toward the skeletons' army. So, at some point, Alissa cast the invisibility spell on them. Although their footprints could be found in the snow, the skeletons never noticed their approach. Things got even better when a new pack of dire wolves suddenly appeared in the north and started to cause havoc.

"Now" Alissa and then she jumped.

The spell will stay active until Ryan and Alissa cause damage, so Ryan didn't get caught off-guard. However, he sighed when Alissa fell on the middle of the squad and made the entire area tremble with a single punch. She eliminated the entire squad and also broke the formation of several others who were nearby. Surprisingly enough, some skeletons even froze on the spot.

"I didn't think my gauntlets could have such a large area of effect"

Ryan fired Earth Bullets and completely shattered the skeletons, which froze on the spot. Meanwhile, Alissa turned to the side and then began to sweep the skeleton knights as if they had the leaves' resistance. Although Alissa killed most of them, Ryan wasn't fast enough to kill those who got frozen.

"Ah screw it."

Ryan used Power of Money on those who were almost dead and increased his pace. However, things didn't improve all that much since some archers and wizards recognized his presence and level of danger. Ryan equipped his shield to block their attacks, and he prevented the damage. However, at the same time, his attacking speed decreased.

"It can't be helped let's leave the leftovers for later. Although even Alissa recognizes how troublesome the skeletons knights can be, I won't do much while those freaks are focusing on me."

Ryan equipped one of his longswords and then used Fire Storm. Even though his targets had low health, it took a while for him to decimate all of them, and when he did it, other archers and wizards decided to focus on him.

"I guess we can't ignore them," Alissa said after suddenly appearing. "I wanted to prevent them from assuming a troublesome formation, but"

While Alissa was talking, some shadows left the dungeon. However, Ryan and Alissa could lose their focus, their concentration wane when they say those weird figures. The bosses were using black robes that covered their entire body. Although Ryan couldn't see a face inside their hoods, a single word came to his mind: reappear. However, that was strange. They didn't have the famous reaper's scythe

Instead of attacking Alissa and Ryan, the cloaked monsters began to fly in a circle around the dungeon. After a few seconds, they increased their altitude and began to spread the circle. They were plotting something

"Retreat, I will deal with them," Alissa declared.

As usual, Alissa was reckless. Ryan tried to use Appraisal, but for some reason, the skill didn't work. That was odd he couldn't feel that much difference in power between them. Regardless, before Ryan could retreat or Alissa could transform into a dragon. Those creatures cast a massive shadow over the entire area. In the blink of an eye, everything became pitch black. To make matters worse, Ryan couldn't feel, hear or see anything, even though he had Nocturnal Eyes.

Suddenly, Ryan felt his arm burning. He didn't know what had happened, but the tingling pain made him think that something scratched him. Suddenly, something began to shine in the distance, something big. However, Ryan couldn't identify what that was weirdly enough. He couldn't even close his eyes.

"This is an anti-life field, a spell that nullifies your physical senses. You can't rely on your body alone here; you need to use your spirit."

"anti-life field? What kind of bullshit is that?"

That was some complicated explanation. Anti-life field? What kind of crazy spell was that? Maybe a dragon could do things without a body, but Ryan was someone who only relied on his sense until now to do every single thing. There was no way he would be able to pull that off.

Once again, Ryan felt another part of his arm burning. He was getting damaged by something. That was weird how come he felt that when the spell cast by those weird monsters was supposed to nullify senses? Now that Ryan thought about it, it was also weird that he could think.

"Use your mind! Dumbass! I can hear your thoughts, so that means that your spirit still is working. The fact that you can feel the damage also proves that. So, if your spirit is working, you can use mana! Just hang in there for a bit, and I will solve this mess."

Ryan didn't understand Orgar's words again, but it felt like the spirit alone was the only thing one had to have in order to use magic. After thinking for a while, Ryan recalled that Orgar also mentions his ability to think those were the keys. Although Ryan couldn't control his hands, he managed to activate Heal, and then the pain began to lessen. However, now and then, Ryan felt like he was being attacked by something weird.

Suddenly, the light began to expand, and then eventually, the darkness began to shatter like glass. When Ryan opened his eyes again, he saw the skeleton army running over him and toward Alissa's direction.

"Those fuckers did they seriously think to kill me by stepping over me? Ryan bit his lips in annoyance."

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Darkness Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all Dark-type attacks by one point.

You obtained 01 status point.

The cloaked figures were flying over Alissa, so it was evident that they think that Ryan was only a small bug. That simple thought enraged Ryan so much that he bits his lips, and he didn't stop even though his mouth started to bleed quite a bit.

"I will show you I will show you all that you deserve for looking down on me, your fuckers. Prepare to die like the low-lives that you are."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1