Chapter 217: Lending

Chapter 217: Lending

In the end, Ryan wouldn't need much mana for the fight, thanks to Active Spiritual Recovery. So, he put the stamina potions nearby for them to be used faster. Thanks to the sunlight, Ryan's first shot managed to destroy half of a squad. However, he didn't stop there. He attacked several others before they could pinpoint his location. In the end, half of the entire skeletons' army marched toward him. Seeing that moving towards him like that, Ryan couldn't help but feel shivers. However, he didn't miss what happened before. The skeletons that stayed behind took position behind the first wave of enemies. If the first wave takes their time eliminating the foes, it was clear that the second wave would come to finish the job.

"Crap I won't have time to repair my bow."

With every single shot, the bone bow lost ten points of durability. It couldn't be helped since Ryan was pouring all his mana and stamina in every single shot, but that was also troublesome. In the end, Ryan decided to forget about that and use something else when the time comes.

Before the bow's string finally broke, Ryan managed to slow down the skeleton's army for a few seconds, but eventually, they were upon him. Ryan dropped his bow and then equipped his twin long swords.

"Burn now, your motherfuckers, for making me waste so much time here," Ryan said, and then he used Fire Storm.

It was a pity to use so much mana in a skill he couldn't level up, but in the end, Ryan felt satisfied with the coins and the fact that he was destroying the skeletons' formation. His attack slowed down the skeletons even more, but just a little bit. At the end, when the archers and wizards began to attack, Alissa finally showed herself and opened her mouth.

A massive wave of flames spread around the area like wildfire. It was kind of surprising that Alissa could produce so many flames with her mouth. Ryan even had a hard time looking at her attack since it felt like it indeed there was a sea of flames in front of him.

Although the skeletons were caught off-guard, as expected, their formation helped them quite a bit. Most of the skeleton knights were decimated, but the archers and wizards managed to escape relatively unscathed. As much as Ryan wanted to block their path, his bow was broken, and Fire Storm had a limited range. To make most of the situation, Ryan helped Alissa decimate the skeleton knights.

When the flames dissipated, Ryan confirmed that the skeletons' army lost one-third of their forces just like that. Surprisingly enough, Alissa wasn't pale after using so much mana. Still, she decided to recharge her batteries just to make sure since the skeletons returned to the dungeon but didn't enter.

"They will show themselves now, don't lower your guard."

Although Orgar said that Ryan didn't see anyone leaving the dungeon, most likely, they will only show themselves once Alissa and Ryan approach or attack again. Although Alissa could attack from the same distance as Ryan, she couldn't because she didn't have the right weapons. Using spells seemed like the best second option, but from so far away, the effectiveness of magic attacks will decrease greatly in the end, the best option was to get indeed closer.

"I used all my potions, so I guess we will have to accept their challenge," Ryan said.

"I can always focus on support and recover your mana and stamina," Alissa said. "That way, we can keep decreasing their numbers safely from here."

"While that is true, I would like to avoid this kind of strategy," Ryan said and then began to collect the loot. "There is no telling what might happen once they understand that they are going to lose. In the worst-case scenario, the bosses might spread the skeletons around, and when we enter the dungeon, we will be surrounded."

Alissa recognized that possibility and decided not to pursue that strategy any further. Besides, even though she offered that idea, she wanted to finish things as fast as possible. Her soldiers obtained a certain of strength where only six of them can guard most dungeons. However, she only left them alone for the time being in such places in order for them to obtain some level of independence. They weren't at the level she wanted, and for them to reach that level, they can't stay guarding dungeons forever.

"Let's go with my plan this time," Alissa said. "I attack, and you give me some support. However, to do that, I will need those gauntlets of yours."

"Why?" Ryan frowned.

"Their effect is interesting, and I feel like punching things today," Alissa replied. "If I focus on using only stamina, I should be able to fight for quite a while. Thus, we won't get caught off-guard if the bosses suddenly appear."

Rather than that, it was evident that the bosses will show up when someone gets that closer to their dungeon. In any case, Ryan decided to lend his gauntlets to Alissa, even though it was weird that she didn't have some items like that.

"Hehe, now we are talking," Alissa smiled confidently while hitting the gauntlets against each other and making some 'cracking' sounds.

"Hey" Ryan frowned and then said.

"Relax, I can repair them as well," Alissa said.

While they approached the dungeon, Alissa spent the whole time shadow-boxing. Although she was fast and precise, her punches were way too obvious, and her variety sucked. That being said, those would probably be enough against most mob monsters.

"Here is what we are going to do: I will punch them and try to defeat as many as possible," Alissa declared. "However, I will probably miss many of them since I will focus on quantity over quality. Your job will be to finish them off. That way, you will be able to fight for quite a while without worrying about mana."

Alissa's plan was simple but efficient to the point where Ryan couldn't help but frown. She was really changing and becoming more aware of other people's weaknesses and strengths. The question was: for how long will that strategy work against twenty thousand skeletons? Alissa was fast, but there was a limit to everything. That being said, Ryan could easily imagine the skeletons trying to hit him and only managing to damage their allies. Maybe she was aiming for that. Regardless, Ryan's job wasn't to worry about that. It was to kill the leftovers. Although that sounded pathetic, Ryan decided to put his pride aside in order to finish the job as fast as possible.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1