Chapter 219: Do You Like That?

Chapter 219: Do you like that?

Ryan's weapons had been spread around when the skeletons' army had knocked him over. However, they were close by, and he didn't even have to pick them. Ryan used Wind Manipulation and obtained full control over all of them. At the same time, he had the idea to make them spin as fast as possible before sending them toward the skeletons.

You obtained 40 coins.

You obtained 40 coins.

You obtained 40 coins.

"How do you like that, huh?" Ryan shouted when his hammer broke into pieces, several skeleton archers.

Although he was enraged, Ryan's control over his spells didn't decrease. If anything, he got better now that he lost all hesitation. Still, he was in the middle of the skeletons' army, and those creatures finally got aware of his presence. However, those who pointed their weapons at him didn't have enough time to counterattack. Ryan's spinning weapons flying around him quickly stopped the monsters and cleared the area around Ryan. Since many skeletons were around him, only those who have a clear vision could attack Ryan. However, he never gave them the chance to do so. Things were going to change once the circle around Ryan increased in size, but he didn't let that happen. Ryan dashed toward his left side, where the skeletons came from. In the blink of an eye, he left the range of the monsters he left behind.

Congratulations! The skill Spearmanship has leveled up.

Swordsmanship Lv 20  Lv 21

Effect: Increases damage when using spears and lances by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! The skill Swordsmanship has leveled up.

Swordsmanship Lv 33  Lv 34

Effect: Increases damage when using spears and lances by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan's skills were leveling up like crazy, and at the same time, he wasn't running out of mana since his attacks with those weapons became like an area of effect attacks and decimated several of them at the same time. However, Ryan was forced to stop his rampage.

"Look out. Some of them are coming for you." Alissa warned.

Although he had completely forgotten about Alissa and Orgar, Ryan reacted on time to see some of those cloaked figures moving toward him. It was only obvious that Alissa wouldn't be able to hold back more than one hundred bosses. Regardless, Ryan was the type who would rather avoid facing several bosses without keeping his distance, but at that moment, he was too enraged to care about it.

The bosses seemed like creatures from the beyond. Even though they were so close to Ryan, he still couldn't see their expressions. It looked as if their bodies were made of shadows However, despite that, Ryan saw those creatures' hesitation when they slowed down and saw Ryan's mouth bleeding.

"What's wrong? Do you want to dance, too?" Ryan asked.

The five bosses pointed their hands toward Ryan, and he grunted when suddenly, his body got heavier. Gravity magic that was unexpected, but they weren't the only ones who liked to surprise others. Ryan used Flash to escape the effects of their spell, but that didn't work. However, in the end, that worked well for Ryan since he reappeared above one of the monsters with his Paralyzing Spear on hand. With all his might and added with the power of gravity, Ryan pierced one of the bosses and pushed down the creature until both of them hit the soil.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Gravity Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all gravity-type attacks by one point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan felt his bones cracking when he landed, but he withstood the pain at the same time since he could feel that the monster was even more in pain. Surprisingly enough, the other bosses didn't cancel their spells, even though their ally was about to die, thanks to it. Instead of that, they changed the direction of their spells. One second later, Ryan's limbs were forcefully being pointed in different directions. As if that wasn't enough, the pulling force was becoming unbearable those fuckers wanted to dismember him.

"Thanks for the demonstration," Ryan smirked.

Ryan used Plagiarism, and without hesitation, he used the same spell to knock down the bosses. The creatures fell on the ground, and even though they suffered some damage, they soon felt some relief since the spell was canceled Ryan had used all his mana to stop them. However, the relief disappeared soon after. Ryan impaled the monsters with his magic weapons and didn't let them go until all of them died.

You obtained 15.000 coins.

You obtained 15.000 coins.

You obtained 15.000 coins.

"That was refreshing" Ryan said.

Somehow, Ryan managed to defeat the bosses, but the battle wasn't over yet. Now his mana was almost empty, and the ordinary skeletons already surrounded him. Rage's effects were also starting to disappear, so things were bound to get messy at that rate.

"Attack while you can, your freaks," Ryan said and then grabbed his long swords. "This will be your last chance."

Ryan dashed toward the monsters in order to make them hesitate to wound their allies. However, this time, the monsters didn't do that. They began to bombard their allies with arrows and spells while aiming at Ryan. Most of them missed, but some of them hit Ryan and made his head cool down even more.

"Why are they attacking each other now? Is it because some of those bosses died?"

Ryan took a peek at the sky and saw Alissa fighting against many of the monsters, but their numbers had decreased quite a lot. Their focus was solely on Alissa now. Thanks to it, the skeletons were doing crazy things. Without any other choice, Ryan began to open his path by using brute strength alone. It was all that he could do in order to recover his mana, but even so, as expected, he wasn't physically strong enough to kill the monsters by using weapons such as swords. So, he had to rely on the Power of Money to finish them off.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1