Chapter 210: Hunting Dragons

Chapter 210: Hunting Dragons

Ryan's surprise attack made the concentration of the two remaining dragons to wane. In the end, things proceeded just like Ryan wanted. One dragon headed toward his direction, and the other flew to attack the giant bees. The red dragon would probably make Ryan fight more fiercely, but the light-blue one flew toward him, and before anything, it opened its mouth and fired several Ice Spears toward him.

Ryan disappeared and then reappeared on the dragon's back. However, when he tried to pierce the monster's head with his spear, a thick ice layer suddenly appeared to protect the monster. Although Ryan was surprised, he reacted fast enough to grab his twin swords. A few slashes made the creature tremble and also melt the ice. Before the monster could try to shake Ryan off, he pierced the Paralyzing Spear on the monster's neck with both hands.

"GYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The scream surprised Ryan since it seemed quite feminine for a dragon. Still, a female or a male dragon were both Ryan's targets. The gender of a monster doesn't matter. With all his might, Ryan grabbed his hammer and then hit his spear. Blood gushed from the wound and drenched Ryan's body. Despite the disgusting feeling, Ryan achieved his goal as the dragon lost control over its body and began to fall.

Ryan stopped his attacks to check his surroundings and confirmed that the remaining dragon still was trying to get rid of the giant bees, and the other one hadn't appeared yet. When Ryan resumed his attack, he saw the deep hatred inside the blue dragon's eyes. The creature was as good as dead, and yet, the dragon didn't beg for its life. Ryan couldn't respect that much willpower, but only that. With his twin fire swords, Ryan attacked the neck of the monster many times. In the end, defenseless and paralyzed, the light-blue dragon didn't survive even for another minute.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

Ryan saw some items dropping on the ground, but he decided to finish that fight once and for all before picking them up. As expected, even though the last dragon received some wounds here and there, the bastard annihilated the giant bees with its breath attack.

Since his Paralyzing Spear pierced the dragon's head quite deeply, Ryan lost some time pulling it back, and when he did it, the last group of bees had been burned to crisp. Ryan sighed since he had to work hard for a full day to summon them, but in the end, he made the dragon pay dearly for it. Ryan used Flash and pierced the weapon in one of the monster's eyes. However, much to his surprise, the creature wasn't paralyzed by the weapon's effect. The dragon tried to crush Ryan, and he had to leave his spear behind. Before continuing the fight, the dragon pulled the weapon and threw it away in the distance.

"You motherfucker" Ryan muttered in anger.

The dragon not only gained some distance over Ryan but also made sure to use one of its hands to protect its remaining eye. Ryan moved around to confirm something and noticed that while the creature had closed its remaining eye with a hand, it could still feel his presence.

Using his hammer probably wasn't a good idea since the monster apparently had some high-level elemental resistances. So, Ryan decided to retreat and then equip his bow. When he nocked one of his special arrows, the dragon noticed that something was off and then opened its mouth to breathe fire. However, the only thing the monster managed to burn was the snow.

The dragon felt Ryan's presence above its head, but it was already too late. Ryan didn't use Power Shot, but the arrow pierced the monster's skull quite a bit. The pain paralyzed the dragon for a few months, and that only helped Ryan. Without a hint of hesitation, he fired the other four arrows and made them hit the butt of the first one. The arrow pierced the dragon's head with each hit, and in the end, it reached the monster's brain.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

The monster didn't drop a single item, but Ryan was more than satisfied with four dragon hearts.

"Let's see what the other one dropped"

Surprisingly, it was magic items. A pair of blue gauntlets. Those seemed pretty cool since there were two blue gems on the top of the weapons.

Frozen Gauntlets

Effect: It decreases the speed and mentality of foes for three seconds when you attack them with these weapons. The effect can stack. Strength + 40, Endurance + 30.

Those were some nice gauntlets. It was a pity Ryan wasn't the type to fight by punching things, but they certainly will come in handy. If anything, he can always trade them if it comes down to it, Lilian or Luke, as long as they have a nice tome.

Times was of the essence, so Ryan used all the skills he could to grab the dragon hearts as fast as possible. Although the only dragon was missing, there was no telling if the little beast didn't leave to call others. After all, not even dragons could kill other dragons in one shot possible.

Your strength increased by 20 points.

Your endurance increased by 20 points.

Your intelligence increased by 20 points.

"No luck this time, huh Well, I guess I should be satisfied that I decreased the population of dragons by four. Anyway, it is time to recover the last dragon heart and my spear."

Hopefully, the spear would be easy to find since the dragon only focused on making Ryan unable to use the weapon during the fight, not to make him lose the weapon forever. It was getting dark, so maybe approaching at night would be better. However, considering the damage of his special arrows caused, Ryan felt confident in taking the last dragon without a surprise attack. He still had some potions, after all.

Regardless, Long Island was completely devasted. As expected, just like the dragons destroyed all the escape routes on Shreveport, all the bridges have been completely destroyed. Thanks to the snow, the smell of death wasn't so strong, but the piles of rubble showed Ryan how much the place had suffered.

Fortunately, Ryan didn't find any sign of monsters, probably due to those five dragons, but he also didn't find any sign of the last one. On the other hand, he found the body of the first dragon he killed quite fast. However, the monster had been attacked after it had died. The creature's chest had been ravaged by something and that very something also stole the dragon heart that belonged to Ryan.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1