Chapter 215: Arrival

Chapter 215: Arrival

Ryan was a hot-blooded idiot, he knew that, but he wasn't a complete imbecile. Once he recognized what the skeletons were planning to do, he began to move away from the dungeon while he still was hiding underneath the snow.

"There is no mistake, they are being controlled even if monsters might use Telekinesis, there is no way that they can have this much synchrony relying on such skill alone. Most likely, the bosses are in synchrony controlling them."

That would also explain that decision-making speed. Ryan didn't even kill one thousand of them, and the creatures had already decided to retort to big moves. Regardless, Ryan retreats to a hill where he hid his salamander, and from there, he saw the monsters marching around the dungeon and melting every single bit of snow. Not even ten dragons could have melted such a large area so fast, so it became even more evident that Ryan couldn't underestimate them.

After a few hours, the skeletons finally resumed their positions around the dungeon. Regardless, their job was done, and even though it was snowing quite strong, the snow wouldn't pile enough to grant Ryan a decent hideout.

"I am starting to think that I should have become a warrior instead of archer perhaps in this kind of situation, I would be able to rush ahead and slay those fuckers without worrying about dying in five seconds."

Ryan also forgot about that the tome to summon golems maybe it will come in handy right now, but his pride won't let retreat that much against monsters. Besides, there was no telling how much mana he will need to summon a single golem.

"Whatever screw it."

In the end, Ryan decided to give up on relying on strategy. He decided to do the only thing he was good at kill monsters from very far away. On that hill, Ryan was more or less three kilometers away from the dungeon. Even though his dexterity reached some crazy levels, it was only obvious that Ryan couldn't hit anything from so far away. However, he didn't have to because the monsters were conglomerated in a single spot. All he had to do was to aim in the right direction.

"There is also the problem of firepower my bone arrows won't reach so far away unless I use Power Shot."

Although that seemed a bit troublesome, it was fine since Ryan will have to spend some time aiming. Focusing on accuracy instead of speed was only obvious in that kind of situation. Besides, with Force at his disposal, perhaps Ryan could even hit from even further away.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan equipped his bow and prepared an arrow. As he was pulling the string, his aim improved several times until it felt like he had reappeared one kilometer away from the skeletons. That wasn't enough to hit the skeletons, but considering that his sight didn't change after five seconds, Ryan fired anyway.

As expected, the arrow flew in a straight line toward the skeletons, but after enduring so much resistance from the wind, the trajectory changed slightly downward. Ryan used Force in the last moment and then managed to correct it a little, and then the arrow hit the legs of some Skeleton knights.

You obtained 40 coins.

You obtained 40 coins.

You obtained 40 coins.

"Ten, huh as expected, it lost a lot of power while it was flying."

The good side of that was that Ryan recovered more mana than he used thanks to Active Spiritual Recovery. The downside was that he couldn't recover his stamina that fast. It was finally time to make use of Stamina Restoration.

While Ryan was using that spell, he confirmed that the skeletons didn't change their position. That was excellent, but that advantage will only last for a few more hours. Once the sun starts to rise, Ryan will have to think of other ways to deal with those freaks.

Congratulations! The skill Stamina Restoration has leveled up.

Stamina Restoration Lv 1  Lv 2

Effect: Recovers one 1.1 points of stamina per second.

Cost: 01 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"It looks like this skill works in the same manner as Heal it will take a while to become really efficient, but I have time. I can wait."

Ryan repeated that hundreds of times overnight. Sometimes the skeletons left their position and looked for him, but they never left the area one kilometer around the dungeon. Although they had thousands on their side, the squads would get too far away from each other if they just walk in a straight line. On the other hand, they couldn't just select a good part of their troops and go together in a single direction because that leaves the dungeon unprotected. Whoever was controlling the skeletons, they didn't know how many enemies were waiting for an ambush, after all.

After working hard for several hours non-stop, Ryan managed to kill around five thousand skeletons. However, when the sun began to rise, he was beat so exhausted that he was using his salamander to rest his back.

"Well, I just have to repeat this more than five times"

Ryan said that as if it was going to be a pain, but that wasn't the case. Thanks to his handwork and all those difficulties, he was learning new strategies and new ways to use his skills. Even though those won't make the numbers inside his status and skill list more impressive, they will contribute to his future. That was also another kind of important strength.

However, it looked like things wouldn't proceed that favorably. Ryan heard in the distance the sound of massive wings flapping a dragon was approaching. Ryan picked his bow and special arrows, but then he relaxed when he saw that dragon slowly flying toward him. Alissa had appeared much to Ryan's displeasure.

"It looks like you are having a hard time here. Maybe we super estimated you a little." Alissa suddenly appeared and said, much to Ryan's annoyance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1