Chapter 221: Class: Ninja

Chapter 221: Class: Ninja

In the end, after checking the loot, Ryan realized that only the bosses dropped tomes, and none of the ones he killed dropped them. As for the items, only two rings picked his interest.

Magic Ring of the Immortal

Effect: Increases the user's recovery by thirty points.

Durability: 30/30

Those items couldn't be found in the dungeon shop. At least Ryan never found them until now. Regardless, he equipped them. Now he just has to worry about the huge pile of trash in front of him.

"I can buy them from you," Alissa said.

"Why?" Ryan frowned. "Your cultists already can obtain equipment by themselves."

"They are not my cultists" Alissa said and then took a deep breath to calm down. "While that is true, I will need more soldiers, and they will need more equipment. I am in this part of the world because Mark told me that there are many survivors in Canada, but he also said that I need to work faster because some survivors joined the monsters' side and they are convincing others to do the same."

"By promising them power, I assume," Ryan said.

"Indeed," Alissa nodded.

Ryan didn't know if Mark gave Alissa that kind of information in order to help him indirectly. Still, he wouldn't lie to Alissa because she can read thoughts, so perhaps everything was just a coincidence. Ryan offered to trade the equipment for some tomes, but Alissa refused that. Although she wasn't as cold as before, she still wanted to focus on increasing her soldiers' strength.

"I can't trade with you any tomes, but I can offer an alternative," Alissa said. "You see, I picked this class called Teacher, and I can register some students, so-."

"No," Ryan said.

"Well I tried," Alissa shrugged.

In the end, Ryan sold all the items he obtained for two hundred thousand coins. He could buy two elemental transformation tomes with that many coins, but before looking for those, Ryan looked for the most expensive tomes he could obtain. Unfortunately, he didn't find Telekinesis or the spell that would grant him the power to store items in an alternative dimension and Ryan was already getting tired of waiting so anxiously for it every single time. In the end, Ryan said screw it and bought the Earth Transformation and Wind Transformation tomes.

"Your fighting style seems kind of messy with all those skills you get," Alissa frowned and then said. "Still, that thing that you did earlier surprised me. Is it because of that you bought those tomes? To stop elemental attacks from hitting and then using them against your foes?"

"Kind of," Ryan replied.

After finishing their business in the dungeon shop, Alissa and Ryan entered the dungeon. Although they still had to face one more boss, they already knew how to defeat the monster. Instead of that, they were more worried as to why the creature was so weak. Although the cloaked monster tried to attack them, Alissa easily defeated it with a single punch that made the entire dungeon tremble.

"Can you use Appraisal on them?" Ryan asked. "What is the name of this thing?"

"Fake Shadow," Alissa replied. "I have been doing some research on mythology as of late, but I can't say that I saw or read anything closely related to this."

After the boss died, the shadow began to dissipate as if it was dust or something similar and lifeless. That kind of creature was totally different from all the bosses they met until now, and that worrisome.

"Orgar said that this creature is quite intriguing," Alissa added. "While it resembles some lifeforms, it lacks some of their aspects. Based on his description, this creature is like a robot, but I don't think any technology can create this."

A robot that was weird. A true machine wouldn't demonstrate fear, and Ryan was certain that he felt the fear those creatures felt. In any case, his head was kind of fuzzy at that time, so he decided to keep quiet about it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Templar, Ninja, and Enchanter.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two new classes, huh They seem useful on their own, but I can't miss this chance to get the Ninja class. I already know that it is a tier two class, so I don't have any reason to risk it by picking others."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Ninja!

You obtained the following skills: Hawkeye, Deadly Aim, and Force.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points, your mana, health, control and speed will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Shuriken.

Effect: it grants you the power to summon a fire shuriken that explodes once it hits the target and causes damage around it. The damage is equal to strength + intelligence.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mirror.

Effect: It grants you the chance to summon an ice mirror that reflects your figure. If the mirror is broken, the ice shards will cause damage divided by the number of foes around it. The total damage will be equal to your intelligence.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lotus Blessing.

Effect: It increases your recovery passively by three points per level when meditating.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan couldn't help but frown since his image of ninjas were of typical assassins. However, based on the skills he received, they were more like hybrid mages. Regardless, the class gave him the bonuses that he wanted in status, so he couldn't complain.

"I don't use Meditation often, but it is only because I always focus on improving my main skills. Maybe I can train myself to make my body rest properly while I meditate Hopefully, that will solve both problems."

Maybe Ryan was a bit too optimistic, but sometimes, it was nice to have some hope. His life was already too grim with all that fighting. Hoping to be rewarded for his work was a bit too much, but expect that things will work out, in the end, was something that everyone deserved. As long as everyone does their best to reach that outcome. Regardless, after that, Alissa and Ryan left the dungeon. They had no business with the world on the other side of the crystal for the time being.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1