Chapter 224: Struggle

Chapter 224: Struggle

Ryan used Throw alongside the buffs that could increase his strength and then aimed at the left head of the monster. At the same time, he used the Power of Money and tried to destroy the eyes of the right head. As expected, the monster fired several Magma Spheres to repel the spear, and the creature actually succeeded, but its attacks didn't reach Ryan. Moreover, the right head didn't do anything aside from protecting its eyes.

"It looked I can prevent the monster from using spells but I don't think I can seal the skills of both heads at the same time using Power of Money alone."

While the monster was focusing on Ryan, the beast got caught off-guard, and the magic gauntlets attacked its back. The monster looked a bit annoyed, but only that. Since the monster could use ice spells, it looked like it had some resistance to that as well. The fire was no good either, but Ryan decided to attack as much as possible with the gauntlets and his fire swords since Bleed still would work.

Naturally, Cerberus noticed Ryan's plans and got annoyed by them. Being attacked by all sides was annoying suddenly, the monster dashed forward, and Ryan hurried to block the monster with his shield. Wind magic alone didn't work before, so Ryan used Earth Manipulation and Water Manipulation to reinforce his tactic. Cerberus slowed down, but in the end, he jumped to the side and disappeared.

"That is!" Ryan said in shock.

The monster used Flash; Ryan was one hundred percent sure of it. A few moments later, Ryan felt something biting his left arm, and he saw the huge monster and its three heads very close to him. Much to his surprise, his arm wasn't bitten by the head in the middle. However, at a scary pace, Ryan felt his body losing strength.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

Poison Resistance Lv 15  Lv 17

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Paralysis Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the effect caused by all types of attacks that may cause paralysis by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan's heart began to beat faster poison that could paralyze the nerves what a terrifying combination. He used his magic to attack with his weapons, but in the end, he had to hold back a little since Cerberus could use him as a shield. In the end, he lost control over his magic weapons and even everything on his body aside from his eyes.

"You caused me no small amount of trouble, human," Cerberus said with an angry tone with the left head. "But rest assured, you won't die yet. Mother wants to personally rip your apart for what you have done to my brothers."

Ryan's suspicious were correct in the end, he started to get dragged down by Cerberus to somewhere. Ryan tried to use his magic, but he failed many times. Although magic was something his spirit was able to use, it looked like he had to concentrate to some extent with his body.

"No that can't be true I managed to use magic when those fuckers used that weird spell. I should be able to use it."

Instead of attacking, Ryan tried to do the same thing he did before. Use Heal since the poison was decreasing his health to dangerous levels. Besides, once he manages to get the hang of it, he will be able to increase the number of things he could do. Much to his surprise, Ryan managed to recover his health pretty quickly. All what he needed to do to use Heal was calm down and focus. He used that naturally before without much concentration, but it looked like strong feelings could prevent him from using magic.

Cerberus who was running until now, stopped when he noticed that Ryan's wounds were healing and his health was being recovered. The beast frowned with its three heads in the end, he smashed Ryan on the ground to knock him out, but that failed.

"Now you will regret for not killing me when you had the chance you fucking dirty dog"

Ryan activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation on his left arm and then bombarded Cerberus' mouth with his Flame Shuriken. Although the monster had high resistance against fire, it was only obvious that its inside would be weaker than its hide. An explosion happened inside the head of the middle, and a lot of Cerberus' teeth broke. Naturally, Ryan's army also suffered a lot of damage, but he managed to take his arm out of the monster's mouth. Unfortunately, even though the poison wasn't applied anymore. All of his body still was paralyzed.

"Shit it can't be helped."

Ryan began to bombard the three heads of the dizzy Cerberus with Power of Money. At the same time, he used the little mana he had to control the snow and correct his posture with it. In the end, the best he could with his mana was to create a single small platform of ice and slowly move away from the monster.

"Die, motherfucker. Die!"

Blinded by rage and by the fact that he couldn't do anything aside from that, Ryan's accuracy and speed increased exponentially. Every second, he managed to attack Cerberus' each eye at least twice. When the beast recovered from the dizziness, it got enraged by the pain it was feeling.

"HHHHHHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The monster roared, hoping that would make Ryan's eardrums explode. They indeed got damaged, but Ryan didn't pass out since he used Heal to recover from the damage. Cerberus, which was now was completely covered in blood, dashed toward Ryan. By the look of the things, he decided not to obey his mother's orders anymore. What a good son in the end, Cerberus didn't hit Ryan since it was blinded by rage, but at least the creature managed to stop exposing its eyes to his attacks.

Without much of choice, Ryan was forced to stop. If he hits Cerberus with the power of money, he will reveal his position. Cerberus didn't feel like moving as well, and since the creature was already losing too much blood, it decided to play it safe. In the next moment, several blocks of ice began to fall around the creature.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1