Chapter 225: Sagittarians' Bow

Chapter 225: Sagittarians' bow

Ryan was in a bind. The only safe place was close to Cerberus, but even though the rage blinded the senses of the beast, the creature was smart enough to control its magic just right, and the space between the range of the attacks and the place where the monster was too small to fit the paralyzed Ryan.

"Screw it. At the very least, this dirty dog will go down with me Wait, what if"

Since he didn't have mana to do anything, Ryan's only option was to accept the risks. In the end, the blocks of ice fell around Cerberus, and the creature didn't notice anything unusual. However, after a while, the monster was attacked several times on its faces. That was odd, there was nothing in the direction the attacks come from aside from the blocks of ice, and Cerberus knew that Ryan could only use its weird technique as long as there is nothing blocking its path.

In the end, Cerberus dashed toward the block of ice and easily smashed it. Although he couldn't see right now, Cerberus noticed that the attack broke too easily as if the insides of his ice projectiles were hollow. The monster understood what had happened. Ryan used its weird spell to damage the blocks of ice and create and space where he wouldn't be smashed. As if that wasn't enough, he created a route inside the blocks of ice to attack Cerberus without being noticed.

"Don't underestimate me, human," Cerberus howled. "I won't fall for the same trick twice."

Cerberus destroyed the blocks of ice one after the other in order to find Ryan, but in the end, he didn't feel his presence or hear his corpse being smashed. He wasn't there he probably had used that chance to escape

"What a stupid dog" Ryan muttered a hundred meters away from Cerberus. "As if I would use the same trick against a monster than can think and talk."

Much to Cerberus's surprise, Ryan didn't escape and began to attack again. Ryan's coins were quickly reaching its bottom, but he couldn't care less about that. He will definitely send that fucking monster back to hell, where it was its right place to stay forever.

When Cerberus finally located Ryan, the monster dashed toward him. However, he found gifts along the way. From the sky, the Paralyzing Spear fell and pierced the back of the monster's head slightly. For a few seconds, the monster was paralyzed, but only that. After resuming its hunt, the monster suddenly rolled on the ground when something hit its left side and broke a lot of its ribs. Ryan used his hammer and made it spin quite a bit, but the result had been better than he had expected.

After that, Cerberus got cautious of other surprises, but that only worked for Ryan's favor since he didn't stop using Power of Money. When the beast finally noticed that it was dancing on the palm of Ryan's hands, rage took control over everything. Cerberus began to fire Magma Spheres toward Ryan's direction like a machine gun. The blocks of ice also began to fell, but Ryan never got hit because he was kitting. The area between him and Cerberus was too large and the beast had no idea how long his range was.

In the end, the monster eventually died when Ryan only had three thousand coins left to use. That means that Cerberus had fifty thousand health points, but considering the spells the monster used, mana was probably its best weapon.

"No coins fucking dog," Ryan clicked his tongue. "Next time, I will make sure to hunt and make you pay for this."

Ryan was one hundred percent sure that Cerberus would return. All bosses could return, after all.  Fortunately, not everything was bad knew for Ryan. He managed to level up some skills, and Power of Money leveled up quite a lot, and finally, a new bow appeared

Congratulations! The skill Power of Money has leveled up.

Power of Money Lv 17  Lv 22

Effect: It grants you the chance to cause direct damage to your foe's health by using coins. You can cause one hundred points of damage per level, and the cost will be equal to the damage caused.

Cost: 100 coins per level

You obtained 05 status points.

Sagittarians' Bow

Effect: Consumes ten points of mana to create a magic arrow. Dexterity + 50, Speed + 20

Added Effect: Recovers one point of stamina whenever you fire one arrow.

Durability: 90/90

"Not bad" Ryan said, satisfied. "I just need to get rid of this damn paralysis, and then I will be able to test the bow."

Ryan imagined that perhaps the poison wouldn't leave his body. The paralysis won't disappear but considering that he was starting to feel a lot colder, and Poison Resistance and Paralysis Resistance were leveling up quite fast, it was only a matter of time before he can move again. Still, Ryan was worried because even though he can still fight, he felt too defenseless in that situation.

"Although I won, I am not stupid enough to think that was Cerberus' true strength Echidna wants to kill me, but she didn't come and sent one of her minions. Just as we imagined, the level of mana on Earth influences the strength of the monsters. Unless I try really hard, next time I face Cerberus, I might die." Ryan concluded.

One can be arrogant and prideful, but one can't be stupid. In that kind of situation, Ryan couldn't get carried and lose his focus. Besides, what was the meaning of feeling happy about the victory when he almost wet his pants dozens of times during the fight? As usual, Ryan had to keep fighting to obtain the strength to annihilate his foes without much problem. Given how many monsters were roaming around Earth, that was the only type of strength one has to have in order to survive. He also has to stop relying on the Power of Money since it was counterproductive in the long run.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1