Chapter 227: How To Counter The Mind Reading Technique

Chapter 227: How to counter the mind reading technique

It took a while, but Alissa eventually gave up on asking what happened. At first, Ryan thought about telling her in order to warn the others, but in the end, that was unnecessary. It was pretty obvious that those sapient monsters had a lot of pride, so the chances of them going to attack other humans relatively close to Ryan to annoy him were quite low. Besides, even though it might be dangerous, the base survivors have been training to obtain the strength to protect themselves. So, Ryan didn't have to worry about Arthur's safety, even more so when Alissa was so close to him.

"I am starting to think that I should return to the times where I read your mind," Alissa said. "Since you do so many things that piss me off, maybe I should do the same."

"Go on, I give you permission to do it," Ryan said full of confidence.

Alissa frowned. Ryan said that directly and even though he didn't look like he was planning something, it was obviously a trap. In the end, Alissa regretted that because Ryan discovered the ultimate technique to counter the power of mind-reading. One just has to imagine a clear image of the other person naked.

When Alissa saw the image that Ryan had in his head, she got so angry and flustered that the dragons and megalodons in the distance stopped fighting since they felt her presence for a few moments.

"How dare you imagine me naked?" Alissa asked while clenching her teeth.

"How dare you read my mind?" Ryan asked.

"You gave me permission!" Alissa said.

"Just to show you what will happen from now on when you try to do that," Ryan said. "No next time, I will imagine you in some embarrassing positions. My instincts have been getting pretty good lately, so I bet I will notice even when Orgar tries to read my mind. If that happens, I will increase the erotism level in my head."

"You wouldn't dare" Alissa said.

"Do you want to bet?" Ryan asked.

Although Ryan felt like he was wasting time, something like that was necessary to avoid headaches in the future. Alissa has been doing whatever the hell she wants as of late, so someone has to teach her a lesson, and that was the only thing that came to Ryan's mind since she was somewhat an innocent girl.

"Anyway, what have you been waiting for?" Ryan asked. "I can see only four dragons in the area. Surely you can take them down alone."

" Orgar said that I could learn one thing or two from you," Alissa took a deep breath and then explained. "Even for me, it is difficult to fight megalodons in the water if they have more than five of them in the area. So, I have been training to improve my stealth, and now I was about to test the power of a concentrated surprise attack."

Alissa was going to imitate Ryan which was odd since he felt like his fighting style was all over the place as of late. However, she probably has the skills and status to be much more effective than him. Maybe that will even give Ryan some insights about how he can improve by watching someone who had the strength that he wanted.

"Well then, show me what you got," Ryan said.

"Why are you so cooperative?" Alissa frowned. "Don't you want the dragon hearts?"

"I am in a good mood, so I will let you do what you want, for now," Ryan said.

Truth to be told, Ryan wanted to confirm Alissa had enough firepower with bows to kill the megalodon while they were underwater, but first, he had to see what she could do against dragons. Fighting them was easy in her draconic form, but she needed some time even while using the same techniques in her human form.

"I want your old bow," Alissa declared. "The bolts of my crossbows aren't strong enough to withstand a charged attack."

"And I want the power to explode dragons' heads without moving a finger," Ryan said. "I can sell it to you for fifty thousand coins."

"So, stingy fine," Alissa said.

Although it was odd that Alissa didn't have a bow of that level, Ryan didn't waste time questioning her about it. Most likely, she also had the skills to repair weapons, so Ryan didn't have to warn her.

"All right, although it isn't my style, I can give you some pointers as to how to deal with a perfect surprise attack. You already know how to disappear from the dragons' radar, but that isn't enough. You have to conceal your killing intent. Don't get nervous and don't think about anything while you pull the string, just thinking that you are doing something else, not that you are preparing an attack to kill a dragon."

That was quite the explanation, and it was weird coming from a dragon, but Ryan knew that Orgar wasn't wrong. He already knew how to do that to a certain extent. He just needed to learn how to make a full of energy projectile fly without warning the targets.

"Those are low-level dragons, so once you take down one of them, the others will try to escape. Attacking with his style while moving isn't recommendable, so you only have one option."

"Kill as many of them as possible with the first strike and wound the others with the attack as well?" Alissa asked.

"Yes, I can tell you some ways to do that with a single attack, but you should find a way alone. You need to get used to that task as soon as possible."

That was quite surprising given how quick to spoil Alissa the dragon was, but it looked like Orgar already was preparing Alissa for the future. After thinking for a while, Alissa came up with an answer. At least, judging by the smugness on her face, it looked like she planned something quite flashy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1