Chapter 234: Snapping

Chapter 234: Snapping

Ryan tried to find a solution to the problem, but nothing came to his mind. Just like Alissa said, perhaps he should focus on stand by and focus on support by eliminating the dire wolves. Their numbers were pretty high, so it wasn't like he was running away from the battle. Still

"What am I doing here when I am having a hard time against oversized dogs and wolves? Why am I acting like a big shot when I can't even solve this situation by myself all this time-fighting nonstop, and I am still not able to deal with all enemies on my path." Ryan clenched his fists.

Ryan bit his lips in exasperation. Since that day, he didn't improve even a single bit? He wasn't good enough for anything Who was Ryan? Is just a guy full of pride that couldn't do anything by himself even after losing his parents and being betrayed by his fiance and by his best friend?

Those doubts in his head annoyed the crap out of him, but Ryan barely could keep them away from his head for more than five minutes since pretty much every time he had to deal with those difficult situations. Lilith was right It looked like Ryan was just a pathetic little man.

"I will show you all" Ryan muttered. "Worms like you won't be able to laugh at me for long."

No one heard what Ryan said, but Fenrir, Alissa, and Orgar could feel that something changed in the air. When they looked around to see what had happened, they saw Ryan using his bow with a single hand and pulling the string with his mouth. However, the strangest thing about that scene was the fact that Ryan was using his Paralyzing Spear in the place of a proper arrow. He was determined to combine his weapons like that, and he would use all his mana to restore his stamina and use all that stamina to use a Power Shot like no other.

"Hey, Orgar isn't Ryan a bit weird?"  Alissa asked.

"You already know about the doubts that he has in his mind, so it shouldn't have surprised you that he snapped now. Moving around to help him now and then only delayed the unavoidable."

The first time Alissa and Orgar saw Ryan, they learned everything about him. Essentially, he was just a guy who had lost all the confidence that he had as a man. After losing his parents, he lost the only two people he could share his doubts and fears with. He lost two important pillars of his life. When he saw what Daniel and Mia did, he lost the faith that he had in the future and noticed that his present life was a lie they never valued him as much as he valued them.

In the end, the only Ryan had left after losing those four pillars were the things he learned along the way. The most important thing to learn was how to rely on himself. His father taught him that, and thanks to it, he manages to survive alone until now. The small confidence he had in his skills got shattered time and time again, against Baal, Lilith, Cerberus, and now against Fenrir. He didn't want to prove anything to anyone, but to keep living, Ryan had to prove to himself that he was something, that he could do things by himself.

Alissa and Orgar saw how desperate Ryan was to prove to himself his own value. He was so eager to do it that he lost his hand and still kept moving forward without complaining. However, a single person can only do so much. Ryan's path surely would lead him to his ruin.

Alissa had decided to help him since he never looked at her as a monster or as someone pathetic. Still, time and time again, he refused her help and friendship. In the end, she thought that some shock of reality would help, and thus she decided to let him stay alone for a while, but that only led to the current situation.

"What can we do now, Orgar?" Alissa asked.

"Absolutely nothing. He is completely on edge, and people like only accept two outcomes: reach his goals or die trying. If you get on his way to save his life or just to achieve victory, he will never be the same and he will never reach his true potential."

"But if he succeeds" Alissa said.

"While I can't deny that such a possibility exists, he is a difficult human. He won't get satisfied easily. He will keep searching for new enemies until who knows how long"

Alissa was conflicted. She didn't know if she should help her first human friend or if she should just let see him fighting for his goal or die trying. In the end, she decided to watch since Fenrir was grunting while looking at Ryan. The monster could feel the danger for its life, but at the same time, it didn't have the nerve to show its back to Alissa in order to attack Ryan.

While Fenrir hesitated, Ryan continued to charge his attack. Alissa decided to at least offer that much support, but in the end, that situation didn't last for long. The dire wolves finally found the places in the distance in which Ryan and Alissa didn't put magic traps, and they were finally turning around the death trap and about to join the battle. Alissa clicked her tongue in annoyance in the end, someone had to stop them, and that someone was her.

"Wait, Alissa. Just fighting them isn't enough. Return to your human form and grab the best of your magic weapons. You will need to get rid of them like before since they are coming from two sides."

"That is impossible. I won't be able to control so many weapons from such a distance," Alissa said.

"It is okay if you relax your body, and as long as we use the same skill, we can fight together. My power is more intense so that I will kill the wolves of the other side."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1