Chapter 238: Class: High Priest

Chapter 238: Class: High Priest

For some odd reason, Ryan and Alissa didn't find any boss waiting for them at the dungeon's end. Although the dire wolves were still spawning, they always tried to escape before anything.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Guardian, Demon Hunter, and High Priest.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan's predictions hit the mark again. Those classes were obvious a whole new level above the others. Not only were their names impressive, but Ryan could also imagine how much use each class could be. Even though he was someone who was more or less specialized in fast and surprise attacks, as of late, Rya has been suffering quite a lot of damage. So, he even considered obtaining the Guardian class, even though Demon Hunter was the obvious choice. However, in the end Ryan chose the High Priest class. With that one, he was one hundred percent sure that he would recover his lost arm.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one High Priest!

You obtained the following skills: Purification, Regeneration, and Full-Heal.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by six points, your health, stamina, control, and recovery will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Purification.

Effect: Decreases the effect of negative effects. When this skill level is higher than the negative effect, the debuff will be completely removed.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Regeneration.

Effect: It grants you the chance to cast a healing spell that lasts for five minutes. The amount of health recovered will be equal to one per second.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Full-Heal.

Effect: Completely restores your body to its original state while recovering five hundred points of health.

Cost: 1000 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 500 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 475th

You obtained: Summon Golem Tome.

Ryan even had forgotten about the rank Regardless, his rank increased quite a bit just by obtaining a single tier-three class. Not even defeating Fenrir and Cerberus made it increase all that much. It looked like Ryan's luck was finally turning around the problem was the fact to use Summon Golem, he needed fifteen hundred points of mana. Although he didn't even have enough mana to use Full-Heal, he could use some points to solve that problem.

"Whatever, I will eventually reach that level of mana."

After using the tome, Ryan used his free status points to increase his mana, and soon after, he used Full-Heal. As expected, his left arm was covered by light for a few seconds, but then when the light disappeared, his right arm was back to normal. After closing and opening his fist several times, Ryan confirmed that everything was fine.

"You finally did it, huh," Alissa said. "Congratulations!"

"Yeah," Ryan said.

" Can't you say anything else?" Alissa asked, a bit annoyed. "If you say 'yeah' again, you will have to give me your new bow."

"Yeah," Ryan said.

Alissa clenched her teeth and fists in annoyance, but she didn't do anything else in the end. Regardless, Ryan finally achieved one of his long-term goals, but he didn't feel anything special. The only thing he felt was some relief because now he will be able to fight for long since he won't have to use Incomplete Reptilian Transformation every fucking time.

"We can't say that the mission was a success, but at least we managed to decrease the population of monsters in a few thousand," Alissa said. "What are you going to do now? Return and give your report to the General?"

"No, I can do that later," Ryan said. "He is focused on watching the territory of our country, so I am going to check things here for a while."

"Is that so" Alissa sighed. "Well, I need a break after all this crap. I will give my guys a lift and give them and myself at least one week off. We deserve that. Try not to die like an idiot. If you do, nothing will prevent me from becoming Arthur's new mother."

After saying that, Alissa left the dungeon without looking behind. Ryan's chance was a bit too radical. Still, at least with his mindset, monsters weren't much of a problem, at least not the ordinary ones, and those who already suffered a defeat by his hands like Cerberus and Fenrir probably won't try anything for a few days.

Although Ryan wanted to check if there were other dungeons in the area, first of all, he needed to level up Icebound as much as possible, alongside Cold Resistance and the skill that he was about to learn

When another dire wolf appeared out of nowhere, Ryan swung his ax and then used Flash, he appeared and then his weapon cut the monster's neck with a single strike. His attack had been so clean that not even blood gush to his clothes.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Axe Mastery.

Effect: Increases damage when using axes by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Although his health was already full, the ax's effects managed to speed up a little bit the mending of his bones. Ryan learned another thing useful, but once again, his heart didn't get excited. It was too soon to relax or get carried away. Ryan needed more power and more knowledge until he obtains enough power and knowledge to decimate his foes, he couldn't feel satisfied. Now more than ever, Ryan wanted to fight and keep fighting.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1