Chapter 230: Again

Chapter 230: Again

Before Ryan and Alissa could get any closer to the dungeon, suddenly, an army of dire wolves appeared and charged at them. Ryan and Alissa equipped their bows, and without ceremony, they charged Power Shot. After ten seconds, they fired, and dozens of dire wolves exploded, the power of Ryan's attack was considerably weaker, but something like that didn't bother him anymore.

You obtained 65 coins.

You obtained 55 coins.

You obtained 51 coins.

Although dozens of them died in a single instant, the other didn't slow down even a bit. As if they were machines programmed to kill, the dire wolves continued their charge.

"Let's retreat while we attack," Ryan said. "If we go too far here, the bosses will join the fight, and I don't intend to underestimate another mythological creature. Even more so when the current one had the nerve to fight Odin."

Alissa thought of taunting Ryan a little bit, but she shook the idea out of her head. The number of dire wolves was massive, and they didn't have time to waste. Ryan thought of using his magic wand and use Thunder Arrow since, most likely, the dire wolves would suffer a lot of damage, but he decided to keep using his new bow since he could recover his stamina, and thus, he will train his legs. However, much to his surprise, even though they run until they reached the border again, the dire wolves never stopped coming.

"Now that is surprising they have this many pawns to spare?" Ryan frowned.

It seemed like the enemy was trying to buy time, but that kind of strategy was flawed when the attackers were people like Ryan and Alissa who could fight for quite even against when they had a massive numerical disadvantage. Moreover, they will keep getting stronger at a steady pace like that. Such a strategy doesn't make any sense.

Ryan decided to fly while using his shield and then looked around the area while charging another Power Shot. He didn't see anything out of place, but relying on his eyes alone wasn't enough to clear his worries.

"Do you think this is a trap?" Alissa asked. "I can feel the presence of basically all monsters in the area, and I can't sense anyone approaching aside from those."

"As I said, I don't intend to underestimate a wolf that challenged a Nordic god," Ryan said.

When his mana was empty, Ryan fired the Power Shot and managed to recover half of his mana after killing ten dire wolves. That was nice and all, but unfortunately, such a strategy wouldn't work since Ryan could only recover so much stamina. Without any other choice, Ryan returned to the ground and decided to attack the wolves with his tree fire swords. His control over them gave Ryan the chance to kill the monsters and recover his mana faster than he could spend still. The situation wasn't improving.

"Time to use the crossbows again," Alissa sighed.

"No, wait try to use your magic weapons and use Telekinesis to control them."

"Hey aren't you two doing that to piss me off, right?" Ryan asked.

"No, she will be able to train her control by fighting like that, and she has too many magic items. By doing that, she will be able to train several of her masteries."

That seemed like a proper explanation, but at the same time, Ryan felt that it was a pretty cheap one as well. Why didn't they do that before? Why now of all times? In any case, Alissa didn't hesitate, and she called dozens of weapons from her storage dimension. Without wasting time, Alissa followed Orgar's orders, and she started to decimate the monsters just like that. Fortunately, she wasn't shameless enough to make her weapons spin like Ryan, or maybe she didn't do it because she didn't need that.

The dire wolves were being, and their fur also could work as a layer of armor, but they were on slaughtered while Ryan and Alissa were using their weapons remotely. When the wolves' advance was completely stopped, the monsters suddenly stopped and then began to retreat.

"As expected, the bosses are also controlling them," Ryan said.

"We need to assume that the next time we approach, things won't repeat like this. They will definitely try to crush us with sheer numbers. The chances of the bosses joining the fight will also increase."

Ryan agreed with that. The real problem was to how to counter such a possible move. If they focus too much on that possibility, they could even fall for a worse trap it was hard for him to think that, but Ryan couldn't imagine himself solving that situation alone. He was looking for tougher opponents to face, but his strength wasn't enough to deal with those situations

"Whatever the most difficult is the job, the more rewarded I will be Besides, I should be thankful that dragons aren't around to bother us."

While Ryan was checking the loot, he pondered seriously about the options that he had, but in fact, he didn't a single idea as to how to prevent themselves from falling for a trap. At the very least, the things he could do alone wouldn't help all that much.

"Let's attack from above," Alissa said. "Mythological creatures or not, the enemies are still wolves, right? Wolves can't fly."

"Until two months ago, humans couldn't use magic either," Ryan said. "So, your logic might be flawed. I can't use magic, but I can more or less fly. Since I can use elemental manipulation for that, some monsters might be able to do it as well."

"Yeah, but at least they won't be able to fight on the terrain they prefer," Alissa said. "Besides, if we use our human form, they won't notice us if we approach from the sky."

"I only my human form" Ryan frowned. "Anyway, you will only spend unnecessary mana by trying to make me go with you. While you attack from above, I will attack from ground level after confirming something."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1