Chapter 233: Broken Shield

Chapter 233: Broken shield

Ryan got up as fast as possible and then put the shield in front of him and toward the direction where he felt that presence. It was as scary as Cerberus. Ryan saw a black wolf running toward him, the creature was massive, and despite its size and the fact that a big ass leash made of dark metal was on its necks, it was lightning fast.

Although he used earth, wind, and snow to reinforce his shield's defense, the five-meter-long wolf easily kicked the spiked shield and sent it flying in the distance, breaking in several pieces. Not even Cerberus managed to do that with a single strike, so Ryan couldn't understand how a single boss managed to have so much attack power.

In the end, Fenrir reached Ryan, but before the creature could hit him, he used Flash and appeared on the left side of the creature. The monster passed by him, but its eyes never left Ryan. That had been a mistake. Suddenly a massive dragon's claw fell over Fenrir's body, but despite the surprise attack, Alissa didn't manage to crush the Nordic wolf-like she had planned. The monster even managed to get up while ignoring the weight behind Alissa's attack.

"Be a good doggy and stay down!" Alissa said and then used her other claw to smash Fenrir. "Ryan, I got this. Just make sure that the dire wolves won't interfere!"

"My ass that I will let you do whatever you want again," Ryan said. "This motherfucker targeted me first. I will make him regret this."

Ryan was unreasonable, but he wouldn't be able to live his life in a new world if whenever a tough opponent appears, he lets someone else take care of the problem. While Alissa was holding the beast down, he prepared another Power Shot, but then Ryan suddenly felt a shiver something was coming. When he turned around, Ryan saw an even darker Fenrir coming from behind.

"Aw, come on" Ryan looked upward and used Flash.

Again, he dodged the attack, and soon after, he attacked the other Fenrir by above. Although he hit the mark, which was the top of the monster's head, the creature just became a shadow and then dispersed the fragments of the shadow then were sucked by Fenrir's body, and the boss suddenly was strong enough to counter the power of Alissa's claws.

"What the heck" Alissa muttered in shock and with a frown on her face.

"I see there are no several bosses there is only a single boss Most bosses are weaker than they were supposed to be since the mana level on Earth is low, but it looks like this guy found a way to counter that. Instead of sending new creatures when the dungeon breaks happened, Fenrir used to send more of his power from the other side."

That made sense, but Ryan couldn't believe that such a mad wolf seemed capable of having such an idea. Another question was how someone or something could do that. Unfortunately, Ryan had no idea how the monsters could do it or how he could counter such an effect. To make matters worse, Ryan saw more than one shadow leaving the dungeon. Since the monster didn't absorb all of them when they appeared, it looked like Fenrir couldn't just do that freely, but even so the monster's strength was many levels above all ordinary bosses they had fought until now.

"Who cares about that?" Alissa asked and then tried to grab Fenrir with both claws. "I just have to ugh."

Fenrir used all its strength to push back Alissa's hands for a single moment, and then the monster used its own claws to damage her. A lot of blood started to come from her wound, but in the blink of an eye, she closed it with a healing spell.

Fenrir finally realized that ignoring Alissa wasn't a good idea and charged at her. Even though its body was ten times smaller, the monster hit her stomach and pushed her back for several minutes. Ryan, who was preparing another Power Shot, suddenly heard Orgar's voice.

"Don't use elemental magic. His basic resistances are too high."

Ryan was planning to gain some piercing power by using wind magic, but it looked like that wasn't a good idea. The skill was at a low level, but since the foe was powerful, it would level up a lot in just a single moment. So, Ryan decided to use Lesser Poison Enchantment. At the very least, it would combine well with, Bleed.

When Fenrir finally noticed what Ryan was planning, it was already too late. He fired the arrow the very moment the creature stopped moving. Even though Ryan didn't have much time to charge, Fenrir's back still moved a few centimeters to the side when it got hit. Moreover, the wound started to bleed and got purple due to the poison.

Congratulations! The skill Lesser Poisonous Enchantment has leveled up.

Lesser Poisonous Enchantment Lv 1  Lv 11

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of poison. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence + 30%, and it will last for five seconds.

Cost: 20 mana per attack.

You obtained 10 status points.

The monster looked annoyed at Ryan, but in the end, the creature didn't have much time to plan anything. Alissa recovered from the attack and fired some Thunder Spears at Fenrir. The creature avoided some projectiles, but others landed on the mark and paralyzed the beast for a few moments.

Ryan more or less could visualize their victory if he and Alissa work together, but there were some problems. The Fenrir's shadows moved around a d ready to help the creature and the dire wolves that were starting to circulate around the traps. Some of them were dying while trying to pinpoint where the traps are, but it was only a matter of time before Ryan and Alissa got surrounded.

"We can't ignore the shadows and the dire wolves, but I can't let Alissa fight Fenrir alone either Fenrir needs to die first. If that happens, I bet that its shadows won't be able to do much aside from controlling the dire wolves. The question is: how can we defeat this beast fast enough?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1