Chapter 239: Sense Of Familiarity

Chapter 239: Sense of familiarity

Although Ryan considered the possibility, in the end, the dire wolves or the shadows of Fenrir never returned to the dungeon while he stayed there for two days. Icebound leveled up quite a bit, just like Ryan wanted, because he made sure to use mana whenever he had the chance. Still, even while fighting melee, the dire wolves weren't a threat for Ryan, so instead of hunting at that steady pace, he decided to look for more challenges once he reached a certain milestone when he obtained two and a half million coins.

"Let's see what I can obtain with this"

When Ryan opened the dungeon shop, the options he had increased quite a bit. For some reason, even the number of items had increased considerably, and now he could even see the upgraded version of his rings. However, instead of buying them, Ryan decided to check all the available tomes. He already has his arms back, and while the recovery was useful, it wasn't as useful as his dexterity.

"Not a sign of elemental creation if my guess is right, I will only be able to buy them once I have ten million coins. That is absurd value, but also is the power to create the earth, water, wind, and fire out of nothing."

In the end, Ryan didn't find a spell that granted him the power to create another dimension in which he could store things. However, only now did he find a ring that worked the same way as the inventories in games.

Storage Ring (I)

Effect: it gives you the chance to store and take away items from a dimension directly connected to your mind. To store something, you must touch the object, and no other living being should be touching it. The object also can't wound you in order to be recognized as your property.

Space: 1.000 pounds

Cost: 500.000

That was weird why only now such items appeared? Ryan certainly accessed the dungeon shop many times when he had much more coins than the current price of the item maybe the things he could buy are related to his power, or his rank, or the number of dungeons he cleared. It was close to impossible to determine that.

In any case, Ryan bought the ring and then immediately tested it. As long as it within a range of five meters around him, he could make the items appear just by thinking. That would be useful. The only problem was that Ryan would have to equip the ring to use it. In any case, Ryan solved the problem that was carrying his various magic items around, but while he was lucky, he wasn't that lucky. He didn't find the telekinesis tome being sold in the shop.

"I guess I will focus on completing the set of elemental transformations and then obtain the upgraded version of my rings. I also need a new shield since the other one was completely destroyed, and Repair can't do anything about it."

Magic Ring of the Immortal

Effect: Increases the user's recovery by thirty points.

Durability: 40/40

Cost: 20.000

Spiked Golden Shield

Effect: Reflects three percent of the damage back to the enemy. Health + 50, Endurance + 40

Durability: 200/200

Cost: 500.000

In the end, Ryan spent almost seven hundred thousand coins on those items, but considering that their effects and durability were much higher than the others, he felt like it had been a good investment. As for the other coins Ryan decided to keep them for emergencies. Relying on Power of Money over and over again was annoying, but he couldn't negate that the skill saved his ass many times. Hopefully, that won't happen again now that Ryan had a storage device, and he filled it with mana and stamina potions.

According to Ryan's memory, Canada's capital was Ottawa. The city was only a few kilometers away from him up north. However, Ryan wasn't expecting to find anything so close to the dire wolves' dungeon. His goal was to find other dungeons, and since he didn't find any other monster until now, it was very clear that he wouldn't find dungeons in the area.

Montreal was another pretty big city, and it was only two hundred kilometers away from his position. While it seemed pretty close, it was his only option in the East direction. While he was heading West, Ryan made sure to train Fire Transformation as much as possible, and he learned that the skill basically increased the power of his fire attacks and also increased his control over flames. Thanks to it, Ryan managed to heat up things around him a little bit without burning his clothes. Training his body to withstand the cold was good and all, but it would be meaningless if he ends up suffering some frostbites.

"That asshole didn't give up on the region, huh. That massive cloud still didn't leave the area"

Ryan stopped for a second to check things behind, but it looked like their victory didn't change all that much the situation in the border of the USA and Canada. Regardless, due to the fact that he hurried, Ryan managed to reach Montreal after six hours and just before sunset. Things weren't much better in there; everything was covered in snow, and few buildings in that big city were still standing the only real difference was that Ryan could see a lot of dragons and megalodons fighting.

"It is time to kill some freaks" Ryan smirked.

Just a few moments before Ryan could prepare for the fight. He saw a few monsters leaving the city only to see them attacked by dragons. Although he never saw those monsters before, he felt a weird sense of familiarity thanks to his blood. Ryan finally found some ice foxes.

Ice Fox - Lv 50

Health: 800/800

Mana: 800/800

Stamina: 800/800

Strength: 400

Dexterity: 400

Speed: 400

Intelligence: 400

Endurance: 400

Control: 400

Mentality: 400

Luck: 250

Recovery: 200

Willpower: 400

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dash Lv 40

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 40,

Spells: Ice Arrow Lv 50, Ice Spear Lv 50, Water Manipulation Lv 80

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 90, Water Resistance Lv 90

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1