Chapter 231: Advices

Chapter 231: Advices

At first, Alissa thought Ryan was only uncooperative and unsociable like always, but since he looked deep in thought about something, she decided to concluded that wasn't the case.

While Alissa was preparing her attack, Ryan disappeared underneath the snow and approached the dire wolves' dungeon. Although all that snow worked to fortify the defenses around the dungeon and wolves had no problem running over it, the monsters were wrong if they think that they were the only ones who could benefit from it.

It took a while since Ryan made sure that he didn't make any noise or left any trail of his presence, but eventually, he returned to the point where the fight started and in which he could see the dungeon. Although the area in front of the place the snow wasn't so deep, the snow's concentration above it really makes it look like the dungeon was located in a snow mountain.

"Mmm I didn't think their number was that low We didn't kill that many either"

Ryan frowned since he couldn't see even a thousand dire wolves guarding the dungeon. Besides, the bosses were nowhere to be seen something was off there. Before Ryan could even think of what that was, he saw a rain of magic arrows falling from the sky. He didn't know if it was intentional or not, but Alissa surely decided to act at the perfect moment

The magic arrows fell and hit dozens of dire wolves, killing them without giving the poor beasts the chance to retaliate, and then suddenly, from the snow, dozens of thousands of dire wolves appeared. They were hidden underneath the snow, just like Ryan and some of them were just a few dozen meters away from him.

"I crap If I had tried to be just a little more aggressive, I would have stumbled on them."

Cold sweat covered Ryan's face. If he had been found, he could have escaped, but not unscathed dodge the barrage of ice arrow of thousands of those wolves was nearly impossible. Regardless, even though Alissa was kilometers above them and out of their reach, the dire wolves somehow managed to manipulate the snow and create shields above them. Although some of them still died after that, in the end, Alissa only wasted her time and mana by keeping attacking.

In any case, Ryan made sure to memorize the position the dire wolves were in before retreating a few kilometers. It seemed like a waste of time, but he created hundreds of magic traps in the area between the dungeon and the place where he left Alissa behind. Although he imagined that she would get mad and dash at the monsters since her actions proved futile, she didn't do anything like that. However, while Ryan was busy making Magic Traps, she suddenly appeared underneath the snow.

"What the hell" Ryan frowned. "Do you really want to make me have a heart attack?"

Alissa's skill was so powerful that not even Radar could detect her presence. It was like you could only see her if she lets you. As for everyone else, unless they have her permission, they will never find her.

"I thought you were too prideful to rely on traps" Alissa frowned.

"As if pride would stop me from clearing this dungeon," Ryan said. "Besides, I don't need to be prideful when the enemies want to crush me with sheer numbers."

"You should consider engraving those words in your heart, Alissa. You are getting too used to overpowering your enemies as of late."

Ryan wondered why Orgar was saying that when Alissa probably was just copying his usual behavior. In any case, he was looking more and more like a father trying to educate his teenage daughter, who was in her rebellious phase.

"You can attack the dire wolves again like that, but I would recommend doing that from other positions," Ryan said. "I don't think that you aren't stupid enough for that, but I don't want to underestimate you. So, whatever you do, don't make the dire wolves come to this place."

" Maybe I will do since you everything you say makes me thing that you want to pick a fight," Alissa said after a long sigh.

Alissa looked at the magic marks created by Ryan on the ground and then rubbed her chin thoughtfully. He had no idea what she was thinking, but she created another mark above it for some reason. Ryan couldn't see the mark, but he felt like she used a similar spell.

"With your magic power, the skill will snare the monsters for a few seconds," Alissa explained. "Killing them won't be possible, but with another magic trap, they will definitely suffer critical damage."

" Is that so?" Ryan frowned. "Maybe I should have created two layers of the magic trap to make sure that they would die."

" You are such a pain in the ass" Alissa sighed.

Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't say that Alissa was wrong. Regardless, while working together for who knows how long, they creature thousands of magic traps. Since Alissa had a lot more mana, sometimes she created the two types of traps. Although that surprised Alissa a little, Ryan didn't complain. As he said before, he wouldn't let her his pride get in the way, but she didn't imagine that Ryan would go as far as working with others, even those who he cared so little there was no point in being unpleasant to those who help him, even though they might have some hidden goals in their mind. As long as they were useful Was that mindset correct? Ryan couldn't tell anymore.

"Thank you" Orgar said, in a weird calm tone.

Ryan frowned when he suddenly heard Orgar's voice. For a moment, he frowned and thought he had imagined things. Why the hell Orgar would thank him for anything? At the very least, he had no reason to do it. However, when he saw the dubious look in Alissa's face, Ryan understood that it hadn't been his imagination.

Class: Hunter Lv 47 (+ 01 UP / Elementalist Lv 47 (+ 01 UP)/ Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 510th

Health: 533/533 (2. 47 /s)

Mana: 955/955 (2. 47 /s)

Stamina: 759/759(2.47 /s)

Strength: 30 (+131) (+60)

Dexterity: 896 (+700) (+57)

Speed: 70 (+299) (+48)

Intelligence: 80 (+329) (+3)

Endurance: 27 (+111) (+100)

Control: 06 (+315) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+16) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+9)

Recovery: 600 (+719) (+220)

Willpower: 09 (+16)

Coins: 135.221

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dash Lv 23 (+ 02 UP), Hawkeye Lv 09 (+ 02 UP)

Passive Physical Skills: Swordsmanship Lv 38 (+ 02 UP), Spearmanship Lv 26 (+ 02 UP), Martial Arts Lv 09 (+ 04 UP), Shield Mastery Lv 32 (+ 02 UP), Sprinter Lv 15 (+ 03 UP), Hammer Mastery Lv 15 (+ 03 UP),

Spells: Heal Lv 32 (+ 02 UP), Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 23 (+ 02 UP), Tame Lv 50 (+ 02 UP), Flash Lv 26 (+ 06 UP), Radar Lv 17 (+ 04 UP), Stamina Restoration Lv 09 (+ 08 UP), Fire Shuriken Lv 07 (+ 06 UP),

Support Skills: Poison Resistance Lv 23 (+ 06 UP), Ice Bound Lv 10 (+ 03 UP), Cold Resistance Lv 15 (+ 06 UP), Paralysis Resistance Lv 11 (+ 10 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Combat Archer Lv 15 (+ 01 UP), Sorcerer Lv 12 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 11 (+ 01 UP), Ninja Lv 03 (+ 02 UP),

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 21 (+ 01 UP), Trickster Lv 11 (+ 01 UP),

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1