Chapter 232: Criminal-Like Smile

Chapter 232: Criminal-like smile

In the end, Ryan decided not to think too much about it Orgar's actions or goals. As long as they don't cause him problems directly or indirectly, they were none of his business.

Regardless, even though Alissa decided to play it safe by using traps. Eventually, she got sick of it. She looked so annoyed and bored that one could see steam leaving her ears. Strangely enough, after some point, she began to smirk. After twenty-four hours of creating traps non-stop, Alissa was laughing like a psychopath criminal.

"What is wrong with you?" Ryan asked.

"It is nothing I am just imagining those damn monsters exploding one after the other," Alissa replied with a large grin on her face.

"It is nothing she says," Ryan frowned.

In any case, although they have been careful not to find out, Ryan couldn't help but worry that they succeeded. It was convenient that Alissa's presence couldn't be felt even when she created magic traps. Even so things were proceeding too favorably, and Ryan had enough experience to know that wasn't a good thing.

"I guess this is enough," Ryan said. "If we are lucky, we can decimate thirty thousand dire wolves only by relying on these traps."

"We definitely will make good use of those," Alissa said. "To make sure that those annoying beasts will suffer that fate, I will focus only on using gravity magic."

That was convenient, but Ryan couldn't help but wonder if Alissa wasn't going too far by letting anger control her actions. Besides, gravity magic consumed a decent amount of mana. It was only natural. Regardless, Ryan decided not to worry too much about it since Alissa also had the skill that recovers her mana when she kills a foe.

Just to make sure the plan will go as smoothly as possible, Ryan and Alissa moved away from the dungeon while still hiding underneath the snow. Things will get pretty messy once the explosions start, so the rain of blood and corpses that will probably happen was also a concern.

Alissa's grin enlarged when they finally stopped hiding. Without a hint of hesitation, she canceled the spell that kept her presence completely hidden. A cloud of snow began to rise toward the sky when the dire wolves felt her presence. While Alissa was expecting the show to start with eyes full of expectation, Ryan began to charge a Power Shot. It was time to see until which points his new bow could endure his attack.

"Why are you preparing that attack?" Alissa asked. "I definitely won't let those monsters pass above the traps, even if they try to fly or jump over it."

"You will see," Ryan replied.

After just a few seconds, the dire wolves finally reached the place where the traps were. Several of them got impaled by semi-invisible mana spears when that happened, and they also got snared. A few moments later, all the impaled monsters exploded into several pieces it was amazing how Alissa could do the same scene repeat itself using different means

Ryan's mana began to be recovered, but only now and then by the look of things, only the person who caused the last hit could receive the benefits of Active Spiritual Recovery. Although Alissa was the one who recovered a lot of mana, she made good use of it. When the monsters began to hesitate after seeing their friends exploding, she used gravity horizontally and pushed them toward their direction.

"It is too soon to go home let's play a bit more," Alissa smiled viciously.

Alissa was probably exhausted at that point in time, it was only natural since she had a weak body in the beginning and only recently was getting used to her new body Regardless, what Ryan had been waiting for finally appeared in the distance. Some pretty fast shadows left the dungeon in the distance. For some reason, they spread around in all directions.

"That isn't good" Ryan said. "They are coming so calm the fuck down a little."

"You are too tired, Alissa. Let me fight while you rest a little."

"Not when things are just getting fun," Alissa said.

Ryan sighed. He didn't know how the body division worked for those two, but at that moment, it felt like Alissa would cause more problems than help. Someone with Orgar's battle experience would be useful, and once he decides to go all out, a fight against the legendary Nordic wolf wouldn't seem so insane.

"Just don't complain later once things get out of hand" Orgar warned.

Unfortunately, Alissa didn't want to take a break. Regardless, Ryan was decided to make it do with what he had. Hopefully, his charged attack would kill more than one or two bosses. Based on his experiences, those mythological creatures weren't that legendary like their legends, so they could be easily killed.

Although his bow was enduring a lot more of the concentrated energy than Ryan thought, the chance to use on the enemies he wanted never to come, the shadows that represented the bosses never showed

"Come on you have got to be kidding me," Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Since Ryan was using mana to recover his stamina as well, his mana eventually reached the bottom it would be a pain in the ass to charge another attack like that again, but it couldn't be helped.

When Ryan fired, the impact made him fly backward and then roll on the ground for several meters. Although the snow decreased the pain a little, it looked like he had gone a bit too far his Power Shot hit a concentration of dire wolves in the distance. The energy dispersed and created a vacuum in the area, sending snow and the monsters alike flying toward all directions while killing many and breaking the bones of a few lucky ones. In the blink of an eye, Ryan's mana was full again. However, he knew that it wasn't time to celebrate, he activated Radar, and as expected, he felt the presence of something approaching

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1