Chapter 237: Chaos Axe

Chapter 237: Chaos Axe

Ryan's ignored that voice, and then he fired his Blazing Long Swords. Fenrir didn't have any chance of dodging the attack. However, at the last moment, a shadow left its body and moved away from the battlefield at unbelievable speeds. Ryan's attack finally landed, and both swords pierced the head of the creature deeply.

You obtained 2.250.000 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Power Shot has leveled up.

Power Shot Lv 46  Lv 62

Effect: Increases the dexterity temporarily by two points per second.

Cost: 31 Stamina per second

You obtained 16 status points.

Ryan frowned when he received those notifications. He had imagined that he would gain a lot, but not so much and weirdly enough, the shadow escaped, so it meant that Ryan didn't finish off all the shadows that spawned in the dungeon breaks.

Regardless, when Fenrir was slain, the dire wolves suddenly stopped their charge for some reason. Alissa used that chance to use her Fire Breath and kill thousands of them in a few seconds. Although Ryan felt like helping and taking care of the monsters on the other side of the battlefield, something else picked his interest, and he forgot about the numerous enemies that still were alive. The item that picked his interest was a red ax. The massive weapon was as big as Ryan himself, but what impressed him most was the red glow of the weapon it didn't seem like a fire enchanted weapon, but

Chaos Axe

Effect: Restores five points of your health every time you attack an organic monster with a melee attack. Strength + 70, Endurance + 30

Durability: 150/150

"Not bad, huh," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "That being said, I just realized the true potential of my bow skills in any case, this will be useful to learn some skills and train my body properly."

While Ryan was analyzing his new weapon, the dire wolves began to spread around the area and run away from Alissa and Orgar's rampage. Most likely, when the body was killed, Fenrir lost control over them. However, that shadow probably joined the other shadows to create a proper body, and the monster recovered its power to control the monsters. Fighting Alissa and Ryan was a waste of time and resources, so the monster or perhaps that voice decided to retreat.

"It looks like you somehow did it," Alissa suddenly approached and spoke.

"Yeah," Ryan said.

Ryan didn't look much different in Alissa's eyes. His attitude seemed the same, but his eyes seemed fiercer and more serious just like Orgar said, he defeated a powerful foe, but that hadn't been enough for him. He was already thinking about the next fight and about the things he had to do in order to avoid facing the same problems he faced against Fenrir.

"You should slow down a little bit," Alissa said. "You are making enemies left and right without putting too much thought into it."

"Yeah," Ryan said.

Alissa sighed. Ryan wasn't even paying attention to what she was saying. She was just answering automatically. Regardless, it wasn't much, but Alissa managed to read Fenrir's mind. Although the beast didn't speak, the damn monster could do that. However, since it was like a mad dog, the monster rarely speaks unless when its master gives the order.

"Do you want to know who was the owner of that voice?" Alissa asked.

"No, it doesn't matter," Ryan said. "Once those fuckers show up, I will hunt them down and won't stop until all of them are dead. That is everything that matters"

Alissa sighed again. It looked like the old was kidnapped and put someone else on his body. He wasn't showing all that anger towards others anymore, nor was he unpleasant, but it wasn't like he got better. If anything, he got worse since now everything one could find in his mind was thirsty for power and wish to fight those monsters again as soon as possible.

"This is better than letting his pride getting shattered, right Orgar?" Alissa asked via Telepathy.

"Well it is a question of perspective. You protected his pride, but now he is on the right path to becoming a machine who lives for fighting and proving his existence and value by only doing that. From my perspective, he has a lot of potential to survive this invasion of monsters with that mindset, but from your perspective as a human being, I am not so sure."

Alissa recognized what Orgar wanted to say, humans weren't machines, nor were they beasts that had to fight all moments of their awake lives. Ryan probably knew that, but he still embraced his savage side. He lived his life as a good person, and he didn't like where that led him, so it wasn't surprising that Ryan made such a choice.

"It looks like our job here is over," Alissa said. "Now we just have to pick our new class and then look for those who joined the monster's side."

"You can do that if you want, I am not going to look for them," Ryan said. "I have no business with those who abandoned Earth and joined the monster's side."

That seemed a bit too harsh, but Alissa recognized that Ryan had a point. She wanted to recruit some of the survivors of the area for her army, but as expected, Alissa wouldn't be able to trust those who switch sides that quickly. Her best bet was to look for survivors hidden in the area, but the chances of finding anyone alive in such a cold place were close to none.

"Well then Let's get to our next class," Alissa said.

Before doing that, Alissa recalled that she had to gather the loot. She killed thousands of dire wolves, so the number of equipment was pretty high. At first, she thought that Ryan would leave her behind and get his next class without a care, but surprisingly enough, he waited for her. He really had changed. In some aspects, he became more reasonable, but in others

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1