Chapter 235: New Attack

Chapter 235: New Attack

Alissa hesitated a little since it wasn't her style to stay in a single position in such a dire situation, but since she trusted Orgar, she decided to obey him. The very moment Alissa returned to her human form, Fenrir dashed toward Ryan. However, he had already expected that. Ryan was angry, but he wasn't blind.

Like lightning, the Paralyzing Spear flew toward Fenrir, and as expected, the sudden movement of the bow and the spear made Ryan fly dozens of meters backward, but in the end, he managed to land while standing and only broke a few ribs. As for Fenrir the creature tried to block the spear with its left paw, but the projectile pierced it all the way to the other side and even had enough power to pierce the ground a few centimeters completely locking Fenrir in a single place.

The beast grunted while blood gushed from the wound. Despite the unbelievable amount of pain the monster was suffering, it still had enough willpower to use the other paw and try to get rid of the spear.

"Who said you could do that?" Ryan asked with a vicious look on his face.

Ryan equipped his hammer and dashed toward the beast. When he was twenty meters away, Ryan swung his weapon and then disappeared. He reappeared a moment later with the Incomplete Reptilian Transformation already active. Even before Fenrir could even think of attacking him, Ryan nailed the spear on the ground even more after hitting it with his hammer.

"UUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Fenrir grunted in pain and finally recovered the will to counterattack, but Ryan moved away with Flash and escaped completely unscathed. Although he managed to do something not even Alissa managed to do, Ryan didn't lower his guard. His mana was almost empty, and the shadows still were lurking around, waiting for their chance to strike or to increase the power of the original.

Ryan looked to the sides and saw Alissa's weapons destroying and chopping the dire wolves in many pieces. He didn't have to worry about the small fries. Ryan could focus solely on Fenrir and its shadows. The problem was: he didn't have enough mana, nor could he recover fast enough. It was barely noticeable, but Fenrir was pulling the Paralyzing Spear away from the ground just by using its wounded left paw. The monster was using the right paw because it was preparing to smash Ryan once he gets close enough. Even if he uses Flash, he probably won't escape.

"Aside from the spear, only my swords are appropriate to be used in the place of arrows although my special bone arrows could be of some use, they won't have the same piercing power as the magic weapons I won't have any other choice but to use them. However, I will need some time to prepare an attack that will also pierce one of the other limbs of this monster."

Time and stamina, but Ryan didn't have either. Even though he was constantly recovering his stamina passively and actively with his Stamina Restoration while focusing his mana solely to recover his stamina, Ryan only had a single another method to attack: Power of Money. However, for two reasons, Ryan was determined not to use that skill. The first was because he wouldn't be able to gain a single coin even after defeating Fenrir. That couldn't happen since the monster had the strength of several bosses. Naturally, the number of coins he could receive would be outstanding. As for the second reason it would be too easy, and it wouldn't satisfy Ryan. Not, if he uses it directly, at least

Ryan nocked his Flame Sword and then began to prepare a Power Shot. Fenrir looked at him and stopped trying to get rid of the spear, the creature was determined to block the attack, and even though Ryan didn't have enough energy to cause the same amount of damage as he did it before, Fenrir wasn't a beast that survived this far underestimating its foes.

Much to Fenrir's surprise, Ryan's energy began to be recovered at a more intense pace. The beast didn't understand what was going on, but eventually, Fenrir noticed that now and then, Ryan would look at the battlefield in the distance for a single moment. Fenrir followed his line of sight and saw the moments a few dire wolves simply exploded for no apparent reason. Its foe did something, and that something recovered his energy.

More and more Power Shot received more energy and quickly reached the level where its attack could pose a real problem to Fenrir. Knowing that time was of the essence, Fenrir suddenly attacked the ground with its left paw and made a lot of cracks in the area around itself. The monster raised its left paw, and now the Paralyzing Spear was only stuck in a small block of earth.

Ryan clicked his tongue the beast wasn't free but certainly recovered some of its mobility. Ryan wasn't confident that he had enough energy to cause any real damage with the next attack, but it looked like he didn't have any other choice.

Using only its right paw, Fenrir jumped, and in mid-air, the monster opened its mouth and breathed a wave of fire that was even more powerful than of the dragons Ryan fought so far. Instantly, hundreds of meters of snow melted, and the ground turned into magma-like substance. However, Ryan wasn't hit by it. He used Flash in the last moment and appeared a few meters in front of Fenrir. Even if he hadn't poured enough energy at that distance, he should be able to cause a lot of damage. Unfortunately, Ryan fired it too soon in the corner of his vision. He saw a shadow approaching from the left side it was one of Fenrir's shadows ready to come to the rescue.

Without mana and stamina to do anything, Ryan just did the only thing he could at the moment he clenched his teeth and accepted the unavoidable pain.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1