Chapter 240: One Hit Kill

Chapter 240: One hit kill

The ice foxes weren't much different from the ones Ryan knew, they were only two times bigger, had white fur, and their eyes were deep blue. As for their strength they were so average that they couldn't even try to resist the dragons and the megalodons. Regardless, Ryan was satisfied to know that a dungeon was waiting to be cleared in that area. He just has to deal with some dragons.

It wasn't a coincidence that all the dragons in the area had light-blue scales. After using Appraisal, Ryan confirmed that they were called ice dragons. It looked like they could resist quite a lot the megalodons' long-range attacks, but since their strength was just a bit above the first fire dragon Ryan killed, they weren't exactly in a good position.

"If I use Incomplete Reptilian Transformation in the last moment, I probably still will be able to increase the power of my arrows by twenty percent. However, since the dragons are flying above the river, I might lose my arrows I suppose I will use the special bone arrows." Ryan concluded.

Ryan could see seven dragons flying above the river, but that doesn't mean some others might be hiding somewhere. Although given time, even his ordinary arrows could obtain that much power, Ryan decided to sacrifice his bone arrows for the sake of speed. Once the monsters fly toward him, he will have the option to use his magic weapons.

Just like before, Ryan prepared his Power Shot. Then he recalled that he couldn't risk letting the dragons fall on the river. If that happens, he will lose the dragon hearts Although that annoyed a little, Ryan knew what he had to do.

After charging his Power Shot for ten seconds, Ryan fired his arrow. Although the projectile's piercing power was lacking, when his target got hit, the dragon almost fell on the river, but it managed to recover on time, even though the attack damaged heavily one of its wings. A few seconds later, another dragon got hit on its wings, and the beasts finally found Ryan standing at the top of a gigantic tree covered in snow. Although the wounded monsters tried to fly toward him, they failed since their wings got damaged, and they also had been poisoned. As for the other five dragons, they dashed toward Ryan without thinking twice.

Ryan nocked his Paralyzing Spear and then begun to charge the Power Shot, but in the end, he only had five seconds to do it. The monsters had already closed the distance and opened their mouths to fire something at him Ryan didn't lose that chance.

After firing the spear, Ryan watched the weapon flying in a straight line toward the mouth of the closes ice dragon. The creature created some ice spears and fired them, thinking that only that would stop Ryan's attack the monster couldn't have been more wrong. The Paralyzing Spear destroyed everything in its path and pierced the upper layer of the dragon's mouth. Even though Ryan activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation and Lesser Wind Enchantment his weapon didn't pierce it enough. However, the dragon was now unable to close its mouth. One moment later, Ryan disappeared from the dragons' sight.

The creature looked in all directions looking for Ryan, but they didn't find him. As if that wasn't weird enough, the dragon that got hit by the Paralyzing Spear began to contort itself in pain. The dragons didn't understand what happened and, in the end, the dragon died and fell on the ground with its mouth open. The dragon's friends decided to check the corpse, but that also had been a mistake. When one of them got close enough to the mouth, something flew from the corpses' mouth and pierced another dragon's face. It was the Paralyzing Spear and this time, Ryan had enough time to charge a one-hit K.O.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

As fast as he could, Ryan left the corpse's mouth and looked for the loot while the dragons were in shock unfortunately, he found nothing. That didn't make Ryan lose his focus, the two wounded dragons that he attacked first finally were close enough, and he chose them as his next targets.

Using Flash in the blink of an eye, Ryan covered the distance between them, and surprisingly enough, every time he reappeared after using Flash, a potion of mana appeared above him, and the liquid recovered the mana he had used.

When those dragons noticed what Ryan was about to do, they moved in different directions. That way, Ryan would be forced to show his back to one of them. However, he couldn't help but smirk at the dragons in the end, they were just oversized lizards. Ryan grabbed his twin long swords and threw them toward the dragons, the monsters easily dodged the attack, but a few seconds later, their wings got destroyed. They didn't consider that Ryan would use wind manipulation to control the swords over such a distance and make them spin to the point where it could destroy dragons' wings In fact, Ryan couldn't do that while controlling two weapons in different locations. Still, the elemental attributes of the weapons and dragons helped him in that regard.

Although Ryan defeated two and destroyed the mobility of the other two, there were three dragons still perfectly fine behind, so he couldn't get careless. Those two dragons realized that they couldn't underestimate him, so they changed their tactics. Ice Spears started to rain over Ryan, but in the end, not a single one of them hit him. While he was flying using his shield as support, Ryan started to charge another Power Shot. Meanwhile, he destroyed the Ice Spears with his eyes alone thanks to the Power of Money.

Upon noticing that long-ranged attacks wouldn't work on Ryan, the ice dragons hesitated. As expected, Orgar was really leagues above ordinary dragons. Even while they faced opponents like Baal and Lilith, he never showed impatience or insecurity. Unlike those three dragons, he never even considered the possibility of running away as well

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1