Chapter 249: Girls' Talk?

Chapter 249: Girls' talk?

Some people only noticed that Ryan had appeared and sold information to Mark the next day. One of those had been Mia. Although she felt a bit sad that she didn't see him, her heart was filled with joy when she and many others saw Zoe walking. However, the joy disappeared when she met Katelyn for the first time. She looked pretty mature, and she had a body to kill for, but that wasn't the reason Mia's mood changed.

"Hello, my name is Katelyn," Katelyn introduced herself to Mia since she looked pretty friendly.

"It is nice to meet you," Mia smiled. "It looks like you are new here. The kids look a bit nervous since we are underground. Anyway, do you already know the base? I can show you the place around while we talk."

"That would help a lot," Katelyn said.

"I thought we didn't have many groups searching for survivors this week," Mia said. "Did you find one of the groups guarding dungeons, and they told you about this place? Or did Daniel find you? I am pretty sure his group is the only one away from the base."

"No, a guy called Ryan brought us here," Katelyn replied.

"Really?" Mia asked while her smile froze.

"Yes, although he is quite rude and full of himself, he helped us quite a lot," Katelyn said with a large smile on her face. "Someday, I will repay the favor since, despite everything, he is a nice guy."

Mia managed to show all the base to Katelyn with a smile on her face, but in the end, the muscles in her face started to hurt thanks to it. It wasn't even noon, but Mia was already exhausted.

Kia decided to check things with Arthur just to be sure since Alissa was with him, but in the end, as usual, there was nothing out of place. She just found Alissa making Arthur laugh by making him levitate in the air.

"It looks like you already found the girl Ryan brought," Alissa said. "Although he has that cold front, Ryan even taught her some skills with his new class. Quite the difference in treatment in comparison to us."

In Mia's eyes, Alissa was treated pretty well. If anything, she was at least respected by Ryan since she saved him once and because she was powerful.

"Well, deep down, he is someone who likes to help others, even when that is troublesome to him," Mia said.

"I know that I can read minds, after all," Alissa said. "It is a pity that I have to be careful while reading his mind now."

"Why?" Mia frowned. "You said before that you couldn't be noticed if you use that skill."

"Yeah, but Ryan is pretty sharp," Alissa said. "If I mess up, he might use his mind to show me something that I wouldn't like to see."

"Such as?" Mia asked.

"I can't say " Alissa blushed and then looked to the side.

Mia's annoyance reached a whole new level. Despite Alissa's complaints, she definitely had a good relationship with Ryan. Mia was so frustrated thanks to it that she decided to blow some steam by fighting.

"Are you planning to leave today, Alissa?" Mia asked.

"No, only tomorrow," Alissa replied. "If you want to do something, you can leave Arthur with me."

Mia nodded and then left, trying to control her thoughts. She couldn't let Alissa read her mind. Although she managed to control her feelings inside the base, things changed when she left. Without trying to hide her bad mood, Mia entered the golems dungeon, and even though she was an archer, she started to kick and punch the golems without worrying about her fists' state.

"Why? Why? Why?" Alissa asked after grabbing a golem's arms, and they started to spin around before throwing the monster on the wall. "Why can't he forgive me after all this time? Damn it! Can't he see that nothing changed between Daniel and me? Stupid Ryan!"

While Mia was relieving her frustration, Alissa was watching everything while invisible after stalking her. Despite Mia's situation, who was someone that she didn't dislike, she had a refreshing smile on her face.

"Ah Ryan's life seems so much fun."

"Why don't you tell him? I am certain that he will like to hear that considering that he lost his parents just a few months ago."

"Aside from that, everything in his life seems so much fun it is so full of drama. I want a life like that."

"You talk as if you don't know that Mia is also jealous of you. Anyway, Alissa. You should correct this habit of yours, while you don't feel anything while you trail others while invisible, I feel very troubled."

When Alissa was in the hospital, the only thing she could do was read and watch dramas. Although now she could do many things that she couldn't do before, she didn't change all that much. At least the things she liked didn't change.

Regardless, based on Katelyn's memories, it looked like Ryan didn't change all that much. Her way of thinking and acting now was a little bit calmer. However, his impudence was still there.

"Ryan needs to calm down a lot more. Any ideas as to how we can make him cool his head, Orgar?" Alissa asked.

"No. Dragons aren't complicated creatures, so I can't understand on a deep level how much of a pain in the ass you humans are."

If Ryan were just a bit less logical, Alissa could use some of the tactics she learned with all those dramas. However, since he was so cold, not even the most passionate situations will make him lose sight of his current goal.

In the end, Alissa could only help her friend indirectly. While Ryan certainly did not need protection, Alissa decided to do the same thing that he was going to do: get stronger while looking for the new players of the game. The individuals that had become like Alissa

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1