Chapter 242: Class: Swordsman

Chapter 242: Class: Swordsman

It looked like dragons had terrible tracking skills, or at the very least, those which Ryan fought were pretty stupid. He found dozens of white foxes hidden in the piles of snow along the way. However, he didn't find a single one that was stronger than the others.

"I guess even though the dragons missed a lot of monsters, they didn't let go unchecked the monsters that appeared after the dungeon break."

After a while, Ryan found the dungeon in what was supposed to be the city's center. After checking all directions and noticing that there were no dragons nearby, he decided to use Call and make his dire wolf. Clearing that dungeon would be a breeze, and given the strength that his pet had, ice foxes wouldn't be a problem, so he didn't have to train in.

Just to make he wouldn't run into any problems, Ryan restocked his potions supply before entering the dungeon. The place looked like a subterranean cave that had been excavated inside a mountain of ice. Not even the dire wolf's dungeon looked like that probably because Fenrir was a creature that used fire attacks. He could withstand ice, but he probably would hate to stay for weeks inside an ice cave.

At the end of the dungeon, Ryan found a single boss. The creature was basically an over-sized ice fox. Also, for some strange reason, the creature had nine tails. Although Ryan felt an even weirder sense of familiarity with that monster, the creature tried to smash him with two blocks of ice without hesitation as expected, the boss could feel that Ryan had killed many ice foxes many of its friends.

The monster had a cool design and seemed powerful enough to guard most dungeons, but since Ryan couldn't have any other tamed monsters, he grabbed his bow and started to fight. In the beginning, the big ice fox tried to smash Ryan several times by creating Ice Walls on his sides and then forcing them to collide. However, Ryan blocked those attacks by using the Frozen Gauntlets and Wind Manipulation.

Meanwhile, Ryan stood still while charging a single Power Shot. The monster finally noticed what Ryan wanted to do and decided to change tactics. Surprisingly enough, the monster also could use Ice Cannon, but before the attack could hit Ryan, he fired his Power Shot and completely destroyed the monster's head.

You obtained 7.500 coins.

As expected, the job had been too easy. It wasn't surprising since Ryan had been fighting for several months with only dragons as his goals. In any case, the monster dropped a ring, but Ryan just stored it ceremonially away inside his ring. There was no need to feel excited or bothered by the difference in strength. The only thing Ryan had to worry about was getting more power.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Swordsman, Thief, and Elementalist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Although that was a bit shocking and disappointing, that had already happened once. So, Ryan deal with it after a single sigh. While he could get the hunter or Elementalist class and get fifteen status points, Ryan decided to pick the swordsman class. He didn't forget the fact that he was getting wounded pretty a lot as of late, and besides, even though that wasn't his priority anymore, now and then, he used swords with Wind Manipulation. He will probably be able to level up that class relatively fast.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Swordsman!

You obtained the following skills: Bash, Iron Will, and Determination.

Your health and strength will increase by two points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! Considering that you already have the skill Bash, your skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Iron Will.

Effect: It increases your willpower by one point per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Determination.

Effect: It increases your mentality by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan looked at the purple crystal and imagined how much powerful he could become by going to the other world. However, even though his desire for power had increased, it didn't blind him for the problems in front of him. Until he manages to put at least a group of survivors and a tamed monster in each of the dungeons in his country, he couldn't start an offensive. What was the point of attacking when your back was exposed? In the end, Ryan left the dungeon, wondering where he should go next. However, such thoughts disappeared from his mind when he heard the grunt of his dire wolf in the distance.

"He should have already arrived here" Ryan muttered.

In a hurry, Ryan left the dungeon and headed toward the grunt had come. When Ryan arrived at the place his dire wolf was, he saw his pet biting a human, and five or so kids were punching the creature. The scene made Ryan frown now that he thought about it, he never gave any orders as to what his pets should do if a human attack them. Since that was the case, the monster did what he saw fit.

"Stop," Ryan said and then sighed.

When the dire wolf heard Ryan's order, it immediately dropped on the ground the human that was in his mouth. The kids cried and screamed in shock when they saw a black-haired woman missing one arm and its two legs that sight would probably haunt them down forever, so Ryan decided to act faster in order to decrease its effects.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1