Chapter 246: Class: Teacher

Chapter 246: Class: Teacher

In the end, things happened the same way Ryan had said. There was a big monster waiting for them at the end of the dungeon, and when Ryan killed the monster, they obtained access to a treasure chest that gave them the chance to choose a class. Although the classes available weren't that impressive, it was much better than nothing since Katelyn and the kids didn't have a single class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Viking, Rogue, and Teacher.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Again not a single new class. Regardless, this is a good opportunity to test this system even further."

Ryan didn't have any reason to choose the Viking class, and he already had the Rogue class. It was the perfect moment to see what those weird classes like Teacher and Disciple could do. Without a hint of hesitation, Ryan chose the Teacher class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Teacher!

You obtained the following skills: Lesson, Teacher's Support, and Homework.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by two points, your stamina, health, control, and recovery will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lesson.

Effect: It helps you when you try to teach others spells and skills. The more you show the same skill, the faster those who watch you might learn it.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Teacher's Support.

Effect: It grants you the chance to select a student, and when you are close to that student, he receives a boost in all attributes as well as his learning speed when Lesson is active. For every five levels in this skill, you can select a new student.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Homework.

Effect: It grants the chance to your students passively learn one of your skills randomly.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Those skills are so weird most of the skills look game-like, but those don't. Anyway, I should test if I can teach my dire wolf some skills."

While Katelyn and the kids were choosing their class, Ryan called his dire wolf and tried to activate Teacher's Support. However, nothing happened. The skill had an active effect of selecting a student and a passive to help the student, but neither of them worked.

"I guess I can't use that kind of skill on monsters or tamed beasts if I can only use on humans, this class won't be of much help."

Ryan tried to use it on a summoned slime, but nothing happened. What a massive waste of time Although Ryan could use the skills on Katelyn or on the kids, it would only come in handy for a few days since he is going to leave them on the base. Teaching kids offensive skills might save their lives one day, but Ryan doubted that Katelyn would let them fight. While she stays alive, she probably won't even let them think of fighting monsters. Even though they probably had some status points to be used since they leveled up their Cold Resistance quite a bit.

"I need to apologize to you," Katelyn suddenly approached and spoke. "Everything you said was true, but I doubted until the very last moment"

"I don't need your apologies," Ryan said. "Still, if you really feel bad about it, you can be my test subject. I want to test skill. It is completely safe, so you don't have to worry about it."

" Okay, I will help you," Katelyn hesitated a little bit.

When Ryan decided to use Teacher's Support, Katelyn frowned, and it looked like something appeared in front of her a notification of the system. In the end, Katelyn just accepted the notification, and soon after, Ryan got one notification as well.

Katelyn Tremblay became your student.

Now Ryan just has to choose a skill in the end, he chose one of the most basics that he had: Flame Arrow. He fired the magic projectile on the wall, and the impact made the place tremble a little. Katelyn frowned once again, but then she showed a puzzled expression.

"Did something happen?" Ryan asked.

"Something appeared on my field of vision" Katelyn said. "Apparently, it is called 'learning bar' and it is saying that I am currently learning the skill Flame Arrow the bar is at one percent."

"One percent? Do I have to use that skill one hundred times?" Ryan asked a bit troubled by it.

It seemed like a hassle, but in the end, Ryan fired the one hundred Flame Arrows, he needed intel about his skills, and unfortunately, the description never told him the most important parts.

Congratulations! The skill Teacher's Support has leveled up.

Teacher's Support Lv 1  Lv 3

Effect: It grants you the chance to select a student, and when you are close to that student, he receives a boost in all attributes. For every five-level in this skill, you can select a new student.

You obtained 02 status points.

" I learned the skill," Katelyn said, visibly shocked. "How come this is possible?"

"What else happened? Did you gain a skill point?" Ryan asked.

"Yes," Katelyn nodded.

If the student could obtain a status point as well, then the skill was more useful than Ryan thought. Then again, it only was useful for those who fight in groups. That wasn't his case. Regardless, Mark will pay a lot of coins for that useful information Ryan would make him pay the right price.

"If you guys have already finished your business, let's get going," Ryan declared. "I want to arrive at the base tomorrow before sunrise."

That would be not easy to accomplish. However, as usual, hard tasks will keep Ryan motivated to keep doing his better and surpass his limits. That was what he needed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1