Chapter 256: Class: Merchant

Chapter 256: Class: Merchant

In the end, Ryan had to use an entire day to find the goblins' dungeon. To make sure things would work out as much as possible, he also cleared the dungeon and helped the survivors to obtain their first class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Monk, Merchant, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

From those three classes, Ryan only didn't have the Merchant class, and while that choosing that one would be perfect since it would boost the status that he wanted, Ryan also considered picking the Sage class to level up its skills. However, in the end, since he didn't have any information about such a class, he chose the Merchant class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Merchant!

You obtained the following skills: Discount, Sell, and Deconstruction.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your health, mana, control, and mentality will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Discount.

Effect: It grants you a discount in the dungeon shops. The discount on coins is equal to the level of the skill in coins. However, the items can't be brought for less than half of their original price.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sell.

Effect: It grants you the chance to sell items in the dungeon shops. However, their price will be equal to one-fourth of its original price. By leveling up this skill, you can obtain ten more coins per level when selling items.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deconstruction.

Effect: It grants you the power to deconstruct magic items, and you can use the energy obtained to level up some of your skills based on the type of the magic item.

Cost: 50 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Hey, Gonzales," Ryan said. "Make sure that everyone will pick a class that will fit their personalities. It doesn't matter if all of you become only long-ranged fighters."

"Are you sure?" Gonzales asked. "Won't we need a frontline when we fight those things?"

"Yeah, even if some of you become tanks, it won't change a thing," Ryan nodded. "The Chupacabras are too fast, and at night, they can hide in the darkness, so the best method for you guys to deal with them is by bombarding them with magic from a distance before they leave the dungeon."

Gonzales nodded at Ryan's words. It made sense since from his perspective when those creatures run. It looks like teleportation. However, even if they were that fast, they still had to leave the dungeon, and inside of it, their speed wasn't that useful.

"It looks like the Merchant class is closely related to the Blacksmith class Regardless, while those skills won't help me in combat, they will be useful in their own way."

The only problem with that class is that it gave Ryan two options about how to handle the loot that he might obtain. Sell, or deconstruct to level some skills. While sometimes Deconstruction won't be useful since Ryan probably won't have the right skills to level up, it also seemed like a waste to sell items for a cheaper price.

Regardless, that was a problem for later. After the survivors picked the classes, Ryan confirmed that all of them became Sages while they didn't obtain any offensive spells, Ryan had some magic items that they could use. It was just a loan, so it wasn't a real problem for him.

"For the time being, you guys will stay here and increase your strength," Ryan declared. "In three days, I will try to clear the dungeon. So, I will take you guys with me for the last fight. However, I know that you won't be of much help, so your job is just to survive and obtain a new class. I am pretty sure the classes that we might obtain there will be pretty awesome. So, look forward to it."

Although his words were all over the place, Gonzales and his friends understood the message. That being said, they couldn't quite understand why Ryan would help them to that extent. He had already explained to them about his plans, but even so considering that they saw the hell broke loose, it was weird to see a human helping them so much. They couldn't even imagine how much of a hassle it was for Ryan to move around and checking the places he had been before. From his perspective, if they succeed on their task, they will be helping a lot more than he was helping them.

After leaving Gonzales and his friends behind, Ryan resumed his task of hunting those freaks called Chupacabras. However, things changed a little bit. In the meantime, Ryan was away. He wasn't finding the monsters where he found them before.

"Well, it was about time for them to make their move." Ryan nodded to himself.

While Ryan advanced toward Monterrey, he didn't find any signs of the creatures. Only when he saw the city in the distance was when he finally saw them. All the Chupacabras were located on the West side of the city. Ryan assumed that because he couldn't believe those freaks still were numerous enough to surround a city of that size completely. As expected, the bosses were also controlling those minions. However, that raised a question: What would be the bosses of such a dungeon? Since they knew from which direction Ryan would come from, those creatures were much smarter than the ordinary mobs.

"Even though my stock of mana potions is full again, I can't win this fight. At least, not without some sort of plan. The very moment I began to attack, all the monsters will come to kill me, the bosses as well. Their sole intention to overwhelm me with sheer numbers."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1