Chapter 258: The Cavalry

Chapter 258: The cavalry

Since those creatures were flying and using their dark cloaks to hide their appearance, Ryan couldn't even imagine how they looked like. However, while he was flying away from the battlefield, the bosses began to follow him, and Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at the humanoid creatures that had pale white skin and pointy ears. However, their most obvious feature was that some of their teeth were pretty sharp and long.

"You have got to be kidding me" Ryan muttered.

Qadir- Lv 90

Health: 2.000/2.000

Mana: 2.000/2.000

Stamina: 2.000/2.000

Strength: 600 (+ 200)

Dexterity: 500 (+ 200)

Speed: 600 (+ 200)

Intelligence: 750 (+ 200)

Endurance: 500 (+ 200)

Control: 600 (+ 100)

Mentality: 650 (+ 300)

Luck: 1000 (+ 500)

Recovery: --

Willpower: 600(+ 150)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Steel Claws Lv 120, Vampirism Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Rage Lv 100, Scent of Blood Lv 120, Gravity Lv 150

Spells: Animalistic Transformation Lv 100, Fly Lv 150,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 100, Fire Resistance Lv 50, Electric Resistance Lv 100, Nocturnal Eyes Lv 150

Although Ryan couldn't see the name of that creature's species, seeing that recovery had no specific value confirmed his guess. Those were vampires in his head. It didn't make any sense that vampires were associated with Chupacabras. The only thing they had in common was their thirst for blood. In any case, before Ryan could understand the situation as a whole, his body got incredibly heavier, and he started to lose altitude and speed.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up.

Gravity Resistance Lv 1  Lv 7

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all gravity-type attacks by one point.

You obtained 06 status points.

"Fuck this is not good," Ryan muttered and then began to use Flash.

Although Ryan used the skill to decrease his falling speed, his bones were still cracking, and when he landed, both of his legs broke. Their hundreds of bosses behind him, but Ryan didn't give up. While using Flash to move away from the city and the monsters, he fired using the Pestilence Crossbow. Although his attacks caused damage, it looked like the poison wasn't that effective against vampires.

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance and then resumed his escape while using mana potions whenever possible. However, at the same time, he began to charge a Power Shot. The vampires were pretty close to each other, so Ryan was confident that he would kill several of them at the same time.

After charging for fifteen seconds, Ryan turned around and pulled the trigger. At that moment, his body became light again, and the vampires focused their attention on the bolt. Much to Ryan's surprise, the monsters used Gravity on the bolt and slowed down the projectile. Although the monsters failed to stop the attack completely, it only pulled them back a few meters when the bolt hit them.

"Finally, some opponents that can use their heads Still, I shouldn't feel thankful for it since they will cause a lot of trouble."

Fortunately, Ryan's attack slowed down the vampires and made them less eager to pursue him without putting much thought into it, and after a few minutes of chase, the vampire finally gave up on him.

"They don't want to live their base alone, huh and they aren't stupid enough to divide their forces. I guess this is it my only option is to fight a war of attrition."

Since Ryan was alone, he couldn't do anything else. The survivors he found earlier wouldn't even work as a minor nuisance against the horde of Chupacabras, and they would only work as a meal for the vampires. Given their Vampirism ability, Ryan had to fight alone. Finding a well-tamed beast wouldn't be enough, and even thousands of slimes or giant bees wouldn't be of much help.

"Regardless I need to check if the things about them hate sunlight, onions, and crucifixes are true. Well, I only want to test if they can fight during the day. It would be foolish to try the others."

In the end, Ryan failed at killing the one-third of the monsters' army as he had planned, but he obtained some valuable intel. Now he just had to find a way to put those pieces of information to good use.

Ryan decided to rest for the time being since he didn't have time to do it in the last few days, and he would need to stay focused for the next battle. He managed to escape once, but nothing says that he might fall next time.

"Surprise attacks won't work during the day. Even if I try to use some tricks underground, I will only hind my mobility. In the worst-case scenario, I will get surrounded and then die. Just like the Chupacabra's Gravity, the closer they get, the stronger the effects will be."

While Ryan was thinking about what he should do, he noticed something approaching in the distance a cloud of dust. Although it was already morning, he thought the vampires were looking for him, but whatever that thing was, it was coming from North, and the dungeon was in the East.

"Attacking without knowing is coming might be a bit too much" Ryan muttered. "I guess I will use Force."

Ryan nocked an arrow and then charged Power Shot for a few seconds. After that, he fired and used Force. In the blink of an eye, the arrow passed above the cloud of dust, and Ryan saw what was heading in his direction.

" I should have seen that coming," Ryan sighed and then facepalmed. "You sure are a pain in the ass, Mark."

Some survivors were causing the cloud of dust; Mark probably sent them once he realized that the Chupacabras was up to no good on Monterrey. The problem was the people who he sent to help Ryan. They were: Daniel, Lilian, Luke, Tristan, Natalia, Holland, and Angela. Without a doubt, they were the most troublesome members of that base.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1