Chapter 252: A New Threat

Chapter 252: A new threat

Ryan's head began to hurt for several reasons. As obvious as it sounded, it looked like he wasn't the only ordinary human that could fly. Another reason for his headache and that some idiot still was worrying about the damn border when the world was ending at the hand of monsters but that was weird. Why didn't Mark you mention that? He was supposed to have noticed that

"So, how did you guys manage to cross the border despite that moron?" Ryan asked. "Also, I am also wondering how come you managed to survive this long when the only thing you manage to do was to run away from those monsters."

"We fought against them for a while but one after the other, we died," The man explained. "When we noticed that we stand no chance against those creatures, we decided to run, but then we found him aside from you and him, we didn't see any other survivor in weeks."

It looked like Ryan wouldn't find other survivors while he heads South. While that was good since he wouldn't be bothered by anyone, it also meant that he couldn't get information from anyone else aside from these guys. Considering that they suffered a lot thanks to an American, they might try to screw Ryan over with fake intel. After all, humans aren't that reasonable, so when they can't express their anger to the real cause of their problems, they use other things by proxy.

"Well, if you manage to reach this far, as long as you are careful, this guy won't find you," Ryan said. "Once again, good luck on your journey."

In the end, it would be less troublesome if Ryan just looks for the information that he wants, so he left the survivors behind and headed South. Fortunately, the mustache guy and his friends didn't try to go with Ryan because, as far as they were concerned, fighting against the Chupacabras was insane.

Regardless, although he won once against the beasts, Ryan had to be careful and proceed as fast as possible. For that to happen, he will have to spot and kill the monsters before they can notice him. So, Ryan made sure to fly pretty often to have a good vision of his surroundings. Whenever he found the monsters, he used Power Shot alongside with Deadly Aim. Even when the monsters were more than one kilometer away from him, Ryan managed to hit and kill them with pinpoint precision, thanks to those skills. However

"I need to be faster"

Ryan knew how he could kill more monsters and faster he had to expose himself more. Deadly Aim costs too much mana, so he could only use the skill a few times every ten minutes. Although Ryan wanted to use Power Shot as much as possible and also level up the skills that could maximize its power, he decided to do that once he finds the monsters dungeon.

When Ryan used stamina only to activate Dash and mana to use Telekinesis, his hunting speed increased considerably. However, after a while, he was forced to slow down once again The closer he got to Monterrey, the more frequent the fights happened.

"Well, at this point on time, I just need to be patient."

Although his weapons alongside Telekinesis couldn't kill the monsters in a single strike, at the very least, Ryan could decrease the mobility to a great extent and that was more than enough for the time being. Even while considering that Active Spiritual Recovery wasn't enough to make Ryan have enough mana to control so many weapons, things proceeded quite well for a while. However, when the first night of that fight was about to end, Ryan heard the familiar sound of dragon wings flapping. When he looked in the distance, Ryan saw a red dragon coming directly toward him.

"Just my luck"

Ryan sighed as much as he wanted to kill all dragons find, he decided to hide. He was getting quite close to the Chupacabras dungeon, and a fight against a dragon would reveal his position. Until now, he managed to fight without being found, so he had to ignore that chance.

While using Earth Manipulation, Ryan created a fake rock around him. However, he kept some holes in the rock just to make sure that he would be able to watch the dragonunfortunately, much to his annoyance. The creature stopped flying just above him.

"I don't like this."

When the creature opened its mouth, and some flames started to appear, Ryan clicked his tongue. Something weird had happened as far as he knew, dragons weren't supposed to be that good at tracking other creatures. In any case, the confrontation was unavoidable.

Ryan used Flash to escape the Fire Breath attack, and soon afterward, he began to run toward North. The last thing he needed was to fight against a dragon and a horde of Chupacabras at the same time. In the blink of an eye, the dragon began to chase him. However, Ryan's surprise didn't end there.

"Where are you going? Let's play."

"A human that joined forces with a dragon great." Ryan sighed.

After saying that, the red dragon began to spit several massive Fireballs. Although Ryan managed to dodge them at the last moment, even though he was using all his stamina, he wasn't failing at out speeding the monster. Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance he didn't want to kill other humans again, but against an opponent like that, he didn't have to think of them as human.

After equipping his bow and preparing a magic arrow, Ryan turned around and aimed at the face of the monster. However, instead of firing it, he used Power of Money. Much to Ryan's surprise, the monster moved its arm with lightning speed and blocked the damage. Only a few scales of its body had been blown away.

"What?" Ryan muttered in shock.

"What the hell was that? A non-elemental skill that causes almost instant damage? That is not fair, dude."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1