Chapter 250: Telekinesis

Chapter 250: Telekinesis

Although selling information was a very profitable business, nothing could be compared with the number of coins Ryan could make by sealing dungeons. He already a destination in mind, but before heading to that place, Ryan decided to check things with his summoned monster and tamed beasts.

"There are three ways to get stronger by fighting, by getting classes, and by getting new skills. Although all options are interconnected, I have to be lucky for things to be as efficient as possible. However, in those three options, there is the only thing I can control obtain skills. As long as I have enough coins, I can obtain any skill."

So, with that in mind, Rya began to collect all the coins his pet and monsters obtained over the last weeks. However, he discovered that three of nine died.

You obtained 547.596 coins.

You obtained 751.112 coins.

You obtained 351.178 coins.

You obtained 995.993 coins.

You obtained 555.741 coins.

You obtained 531.889 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Tame has leveled up.

Tame Lv 50  Lv 63

Effect: It gives you the chance to tame a monster or an animal. The more wounded the creature, the higher are the chances of the Tame skill to work. If the creature is too strong and the level of the skill is low, the skill won't work.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 13 status points.

"I guess I should feel happy that some of my monsters even managed to prevent dungeon breaks, but still this made me realize that even summoned monsters and tamed ones need a lot more power to face bosses."

As expected, the area in which his monsters died were the demons, treants, and the reptilian's dungeon. Those freaks were walking around as if they owned those zones. Regardless, Ryan had to spend three days running around to check his monsters and get the coins they obtained, so he felt unsure if he should clear those dungeons again. Although he got stronger, the level of the monsters rose as well.

"The situation will only escalate, so I guess I can't ignore it"

Based on what Ryan knew, he will be forced to leave the Reptilians behind. They were under the control of Echidna, and she had many species of monsters under her command, so it wouldn't be weird if she had allocated another creature powerful as Cerberus to help them in case Ryan picks another fight with them.

In the end, Ryan had to work non-stop for two days in each dungeon to clear the mess caused by the dungeon breaks. Fortunately, after all that hard work, now he had seven million coins to spend for someone who could only obtain thirty-six coins per hour while defeating slimes, Ryan certainly came a long way

"Ah, here you are, your crazy son of a bitch" Ryan said after opening the dungeon shop.

Telekinesis tome.

Effect: it gives you the power to control objects with the power of your mind.

Cost: one point of mana per second is consumed to control objects that weigh one pound or less. As the skill progresses, the cost of use won't decrease, but you will be able to control heavier objects.

Price: 5.000.000

To think that Telekinesis would cost that much Angela hit the jackpot by getting that tome. Regardless, even though Ryan was doing pretty well by using Wind Manipulation to use his magic weapons to kill small fries. That kind of technique wouldn't work forever. The more he uses against a tough opponent, the more chances they will have to find a way to counter. As for Telekinesis, Ryan was fairly certain that only a few individuals would be able to that. Perhaps countering Telekinesis was impossible

"I am interested in elemental creation, but Telekinesis will also help me defensively speaking as well I need that skill." Ryan concluded.

Ryan bought the tome and then began to train it immediately since he would soon need it. Now that Ryan thought about it, he obtaining expensive skills like that alongside the Teacher class probably could help a lot of people. Although wasting some time teaching others was a pain, Ryan felt that Zoe deserved that much. After all, even Mark praised her a lot.

"I can't find anything else worthwhile in the shop Guess I will save those coins for the time being."

Ryan could buy some summoning skills, but there was no point in obtaining them when they cost more mana than Summon Golem, and he didn't have enough mana to do even that. Ryan probably could solve that problem if he focuses solely on getting new classes, and while he could say fuck to everything else and do that, in the long run, that would only cause him problems. Some problems had to be deal with early on that was why he was heading South now to slay some Chupacabras.

Since Ryan filled his magic ring with mana potions to train Telekinesis non-stop, the skill reached a decent level pretty fast. After a single day, the skill already was at level thirty, and now Ryan could control all his magic weapons and make them fly at a decent speed. Ryan could even use Telekinesis to make himself fly, but the speed wasn't that great, and the cost of mana was high since he was pushing the skill beyond its limits.

"My next goals should be: learn all the elemental creations and after that, maybe try to learn Teleport. The cost of such skill will be insane since it won't have the limitations Flash has, but still, it will be worth the hassle. Eventually, I won't have to waste time while running around toward dungeons."

While Ryan was thinking about that, he reached a city called San Antonio. Just like any other city, it had been completely destroyed. However, things weren't as quiet as any other city there. Although the sun hadn't set yet, he saw some weird creatures running toward a group of humans. Those creatures looked like a mix of a human, wolf, and hyenas. Their bodies were quite humanoid, but on their feet, they had only three fingers. Their bodies were covered in thick dark fur, and their faces were horrifying. Their eyes were much bigger than any other eye Ryan had seen before, and they were completely dark. Their nostrils were pretty large as well they were the Chupacabras.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1