Chapter 254: Pestilence Crossbow

Chapter 254: Pestilence Crossbow

Ryan watched Jeoze and Hector flying North-East completely in silence. Just like he didn't manage to escape from them, trying to pursue them was a waste of time. Despite that, he was calm Ryan couldn't believe that Jeoze read his mind and didn't see anything regarding Alissa.

"It is a trap it has to be," Ryan muttered while he furrowed his eyebrows. "Still, I can't risk it."

That would cause a lot of trouble to Ryan, and perhaps, he won't even clear the Chupacabras' dungeon before the third dungeon break. Still, he accepted those possibilities while he was taking all the potions he still had on his storage ring.

----- -----

After flying for a few minutes, Jeoze said to Hector to stop. Despite his words and the things he learned by reading Ryan's mind, his plan hadn't proceeded as he wanted. Ryan wasn't pursuing them.

"What is wrong?" Hector asked. "I thought we were going to have some fun North-East of here."

"I didn't lie about that, but I was expecting to lure that human to a trap," Jeoze said. "While we have more firepower, that man already defeated many dragons and fought foes that can even give me trouble in a war of attrition. He can't be underestimated."

"You worry too much," Hector shrugged. "If he were that troublesome, he wouldn't have run when I attacked him."

"He ran because he has a brain and uses it, unlike you," Jeoze said. "Regardless perhaps I misjudged his character and thoughts. It looks like his behavior changed as of late, and huh?"

Jeoze felt a shiver run down its spine when he saw something shining on the horizon that something shining was coming from the same direction they came from. When he saw what a spear charged with a lot of energy was flying toward him at unbelievable speeds. For a second, the monster froze, and that was doomed both dragon and human. When Jeoze tried to react, it was already too late the dragon took over its body and tried to fly as fast as possible. Still, after just two seconds, the spear hit its body, and a massive explosion happened destroyed everything in dozens of meters.

----- -----

Ryan rushed toward the direction in which he fired the Paralyzing Spear. Although he used Force to make sure that his attack would land, he didn't receive any notification when the impact occurred, and he lost sight of his weapon.

"Let's hope that such a crazy attack didn't destroy my weapon I like that spear quite a bit."

Even from twenty kilometers away from the impact, Ryan saw the sky shining on the area where Jeoze and Hector had been hit, so he could imagine how much damage his five minutes charged Power Shot had.

Eventually, Ryan found his spear at the center of a thirty-meter large and ten-meter deep crater. As for Hector and Jeoze, they were a few meters ahead of there. Both lying on the ground immobile. For some reason, Jeoze wasn't inside Hector anymore.

Hector was just an average black-haired dude who had a lot of tattoos on his body at least that was Ryan's impression since he could see half of his body. The explosion by his attacks destroyed more than half of it.

"Please spare me I have kids waiting for me," Hector said.

"Is that so" Ryan sighed. "Well, they won't miss you, so don't worry."

After saying that, Ryan pierced Hector's heart with his Flame Sword. Although his words were quite cruel, the last thing he wanted to do was to console an asshole when they are about to die.

You obtained 111.963 coins.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 400 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 350th

You obtained: Strength Augmentation Tome.

Congratulations! You have defeated someone who has had a rank higher than yours. You assumed his position and received an extra reward.

You obtained: Pestilence Crossbow.

Pestilence Crossbow

Effect: Consumes twenty points of mana to create a poisoned bolt enchanted. Dexterity + 75, intelligence + 50

Extra Effect: Each bolt can cause the value of your intelligence as magic damage during five seconds. Hitting the target with other bolts will also increase the damage of the poison by ten percent.

Durability: 80/80

"Not bad not bat at all," Ryan said. "Still, I thought this system was supposed to help humans. So, why am I being rewarded for killing a human?"

That question bothered Ryan for a while, but in the end, it was a waste of time to ponder about that. Besides, his job wasn't over yet. Jeoze was still alive. Although the beast also lost a good part of its right side, Ryan could see its body regenerating with his eyes alone.

"Holy crap dragons sure have a lot of vitality," Ryan said. "Anyway, who could have thought that you are the type who quickly abandons the ship."

"Say what you will, at least. I didn't accept my death in the end," Jeoze said.

"Too bad there is no one here to praise you for that," Ryan said while shaking his head. "Now, die."

Ryan used his new weapon, and after three shots, Jeoze died. Now that he thought about it, Ryan wondered if the poison wouldn't circulate to the heart of the dragon he probably won't die, but eating poison wouldn't be pleasant Regardless, Ryan recovered his almost broken weapon, learned Strength Augmentation, and got the dragon's heart. It was a pity that Jeoze didn't drop anything, but Ryan was satisfied with his loot. The pestilence crossbow will be very useful, and Strength Augmentation also was bound to be one heck of a skill in the future. With each level, the skill increased his strength by ten points. Although the cost of fifty points of mana per second was high, Ryan now had a skill that could boost his physical skill tremendously. Using his melee weapons directly now wasn't a total waste of time

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1