Chapter 255: Giving A Hand

Chapter 255: Giving a hand

Since they have high endurance and a lot of health, Ryan couldn't even kill the monsters with his best bow. However, with the pestilence crossbow, he could do that he just needed to wait for the poison to do its magic. It was a bit gruesome to see the monsters trembling and agonizing due to the poison, but Ryan didn't feel much worse than that.

"This is convenient way too convenient for my taste. I bet something troublesome is going to happen soon." Ryan concluded while looking around waiting for another problem to arise.

Ryan made a mistake before by leaving a trail of corpses, but this time he made sure to bury the Chupacabras by using Earth Manipulation. That cost him some extra seconds and mana in which he could use to eliminate more monsters, but it was a sacrifice necessary to prevent more troublesome encounters like the one with Hector.

However, much to Ryan's surprise, nothing really happened. Not even dragons showed up. Most likely, they learned their lesson after fighting against those weird beasts and decided to keep their distance from them.

"Well, I shouldn't trust that this situation will stay like this forever. Once the dragons realize that someone is hunting the Chupacabras, they will probably return." Ryan muttered imagining that things could get troublesome at any moment.

Although they had the advantage at night, those monsters were just a few levels above the dire wolves unless they attacked with a large pack.

Based on Ryan's knowledge, the dungeon was located on Monterrey, but he didn't walk directly toward it. Instead of that, he tried to circle around the city to kill even more Chupacabras and find other monsters' dungeons. Unfortunately, his luck wasn't good.

"Crap unless I decrease the number of those freaks, I will never find the other dungeons. They are eating the other monsters, so I can't even begin to imagine where I can find other dungeons."

In the end, Ryan was forced to keep hunting the monsters while moving around Monterrey, and only after five days, he managed to find a new monster a goblin.

"No wonder they took so long to appear those guys don't stand a chance against Chupacabras."

In the end, Ryan lost some of his will to clear another dungeon. Since the monsters were goblins, the class he might wouldn't be useful. Instead of betting on something uncertain, Ryan decided to focus on his job. He only had five more days to clear the Chupacabras' dungeon, after all. However, something else appeared to make Ryan lose his focus survivors.

It was on the morning of the sixth day that Ryan found a group of twenty or so survivors. As one would expect from people who did nothing but hide for several weeks, the survivors looked pretty Harvard since they didn't have the chance to look for food, and only someone insane would trust to cook the Chupacabras. In any case, they looked at Ryan with eyes full of concern since he had just killed a pack of fifty of those monsters by himself.

"How can I help you?" Ryan asked visibly impatient. "Please be quick because I am busy here."

"Are you from the government, sir?" A middle-aged man wearing a bullet-proof vest asked. "You don't seem from here, so why are you risking yourself for our country."

"Because I am someone who thinks in the long run," Ryan said. "Letting those monsters run wild evidently will fuck everyone's lives, so we have to get rid of them."

It didn't look like Ryan managed to pass his message. Regardless, instead of worrying about what the region's inhabitants were thinking of his actions, he decided to use them.

"Anyway, lead me to where you hid your weapons," Ryan said. "I want to make a deal with you, but first, I need to check your equipment."

The survivors flinched when they heard Ryan. They thought that by hiding their weapons, they would convince Ryan that they weren't his enemy. While that idea wasn't too bad, he couldn't understand why the entire group came. If Ryan were an asshole, they wouldn't be able to resist.

"Don't underestimate my intelligence," Ryan said. "Anyway, while I am helping your country, I won't do that forever. Once I clear this dungeon, you guys will have to make sure to keep the Chupacabras in check. As you can see, we can't wait for the cops and army to dream with those problems."

Ryan was right, but none of them felt like fighting after getting massacred for so many weeks against those monsters. That was a pain in the ass, and Ryan wasn't a patient person.

"I guess this is fine too," Ryan said. "After I leave, you guys will have a few hours of peace, but then the monsters will hunt and exterminate all of you eventually. In the end, I will return and obtain more coins."

"... I understand that we need to protect our country, but why do you want to help us with that?" The man asked. "You certainly don't need our help to fight."

"You are right. I don't need it," Ryan nodded. "However, I don't want to return to this place every month. That is why I am going to give you the means to recover some of your lost time. Try hard because I don't like to waste my time."

Although Ryan didn't have time to lose, that was an investment. His monsters couldn't guard all dungeons, and even though most humans couldn't face some types of monsters in a battle of strength, they could make up for it with their brains.

Regardless, Ryan couldn't help but sigh at the poor collection of equipment they had. Basically, they were just trash items that some goblins left behind after being killed. Fortunately, Ryan had a lot of loot that he obtained by killing thousands of Chupacabras. The question was: could these survivors wield relatively high-leveled weapons? There was only one way to find out.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1