Chapter 253: Lesser Dragon

Chapter 253: Lesser Dragon

"I told you that you shouldn't underestimate him. Didn't you see how many of those worms he killed? You are going to get both of us killed."

Ryan frowned when he heard the voice of the dragon for the first time. Unlike the human, the dragon didn't seem like an idiot most likely. The beast was who prevented Ryan from blinding that asshole. Some dragons could read minds, after all.

"Don't take over my body so suddenly!" The man protested. "Our agreement wasn't like that."

The human was worse than Ryan thought Regardless, it looked like instead of Orgar, who chose his vessel for a good reason, the other dragons weren't putting much thought into it. Those two didn't seem a good combination. While they were arguing, Ryan decided to check their status.

Jeoze

Class: Swordsman Lv 40 / Monk Lv 35 / --

Race: Lesser Dragon /--/--

Rank: 350th

Health: 120 (+ 53.900)

Mana: 50 (+ 55.000)

Stamina: 100 (+ 55.000)

Strength: 50 (+ 5.000)

Dexterity: 30 (+ 5.000)

Speed: 40 (+ 2.000)

Intelligence: 20 (+ 1.000)

Endurance: 50 (+ 4.000)

Control: 20 (+ 3.000)

Mentality: 30 (+ 5.000)

Luck: 10 (+ 3.000)

Recovery: 100 (+ 15.000)

Willpower: 10 (+ 5.000)

Coins: 111.963

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Fire Punch Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 100

Spells: Fire Breath Lv 120

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 200, Pain Resistance Lv 150, Electric Resistance Lv 100

"What the hell" Ryan muttered in shock again. "Those are some weird statuses."

"You fool he just used Appraisal. I told you to keep that defensive skill active at all times."

"Shut up. That consumes too much mana. Besides, who needs to be careful against a small fry?"

"You are a small fry! What can you do without my powers? You only have two classes while that human has twenty-tree! If you weren't such a lazy asshole, you would know what skill he used, dumbass!"

"You complain too much anyway; explain to me what skill he used."

"I don't know it is one of those which only you humans can use for some reason."

"You are so useless"

"What did you say?"

Ryan frowned while those two were arguing. They couldn't even be considered partners, much fewer allies. The dragons who decided to find new vessels in humans probably only chose the stupid and weak ones for some reason, and now they were regretting it. If Ryan had to guess why it was probably because, in the future, they will have an easier time obtaining full control over their bodies.

Regardless, Ryan began to run again because a massive horde of Chupacabras was approaching. The dragon and the man argued for a while, but after a few seconds, they began to chase Ryan again. Although he was curious as to why they wanted to kill him, Ryan wasn't stupid enough to waste time asking.

"Stop running and fight like a man!" The man shouted.

Ryan sighed, only someone stupid would say something like that. Regardless, he would fight, but he wouldn't give the advantage to that asshole. Although for some reason, Power of Money wasn't causing as much damage as it was supposed to do, Ryan used it several times. However, after a while, he noticed that a semi-transparent wall was covering the dragon's paws. Instead of causing damage to the monster's health, Ryan caused its mana to decrease.

"Are you a man or a rat?" The man asked.

"You sure talk a lot considering that your friend is always protecting you," Ryan said.

"Stop running, and let's fight. If you do, I will make sure that he won't interfere," the man said.

"Yeah, right nice try," Ryan said.

Although Ryan had enough coins to damage that asshole's mana and health, he didn't know if it would be worth the hassle. As far as he was concerned, that guy looked like the type who would run at the first sign of trouble.

That guy tried to attack Ryan several times with Fireballs, but as expected, only a few handful dragons were good at fighting at a certain distance, or perhaps the humans were just that weak.  All his attacks missed

"I didn't expect to find someone like him so soon I don't if my luck is good, but at the very least, I obtained a good deal of information from this encounter. Even humans who have the spirits of dragons can join the rank, I never asked Alissa about this, but I guess it was only obvious since she can enter dungeons, use purple crystals and even gain classes."

Ryan was getting tired of running away, and even though the Chupacabras stayed behind, he decided to find a way to finish that situation. However, before Ryan could start to think, something weird happened.

"Let's forget about him, Hector. I obtained some information from his head, and everything I got will be useful to you."

"I will not run away from this fight."

"Idiot I got a lot of information to you about some humans that will be useful to us."

" Really?"

Ryan frowned when he heard that it looked like Jeoze was planning something and that something was something Hector and him shared a common interest. However, why talk about that out loud? It made Ryan think that he was planning a trap. Still, his voice had a weird tone, and then when Ryan saw a lustful smile on Hector's face, he knew what they were talking about.

"Head North-East we will find a lot of information and fun there."

After frowning, Ryan stopped running that asshole of a dragon read his mind and managed to discover where the base was located and possibly, all the information Ryan had about it and regarding the dungeons. However, that was just an extra for them. Those idiots were looking for women Ryan heard in some stories that dragons were lustful creatures, but to think that was actually true that was insane.

"Hehe, let's go then," Hector said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1