Chapter 257: Gravity Magic

Chapter 257: Gravity magic

Ryan considered his options in that situation. Changing the direction of his attack won't change anything. Even if he tries to attack the Chupacabras from behind, it won't work. The bosses were hidden, and most likely, they were behind their minions in case Ryan decides to do that. So, by doing that, he will avoid the army of monsters for a few minutes. However, the chances of him defeating hundreds of bosses in such a short time were null.

"Power of Money won't be of much use here either since it will reveal my position. As for magic traps it might slow them down a little bit, but only that. Besides, I can't waste time creating thousands of those."

In the end, Ryan made a mental note to force his mana to reach the necessary amount to summon golems. It was getting tiring that he always had to deal with so many monsters by himself. As long as he has some monsters to be his frontline, sheer numbers on the enemy side won't be much of an issue. At least in similar situations.

"There aren't many places to hide in this direction. While I can maintain my presence hidden for a while, they will easily find me with those numbers. Maybe I should wait and see how things will be at night. They are using that tight formation because they are less troublesome during the day Considering how confident they are with their powers, maybe I should surprise them at night."

Although that seemed unlikely given that the monsters have Nocturnal Eyes at level one hundred, Ryan couldn't think of any other way to surprise them. Considering that the monsters couldn't fly, Ryan could do that and attack them from a safe distance. However, to do both, he will need a lot of mana. He had a lot of potions, but even so, Ryan wasn't confident that with his stock, that he would be able to decrease even one-third of the monsters' size.

"That might be the only way to solve this situation. I have four days to clear the dungeon so, if I do that, I will have to finish off the bosses in a single day. My fights never lasted that long, but I can't discard the idea that it might happen."

It wasn't his style to rely on potions to solve all his problems, but Ryan couldn't let his pride blind his judgment. If he gets carried away, the monster army will increase a lot, and in the worst-case scenario, the number of bosses might duplicate. There was also the fact that the monsters level up a few times with each dungeon break as well.

Regardless, it was noon, so Ryan decided to prepare some surprises before nightfall, and he attacks the monsters from above. Although Ryan waited until midnight, he was already exhausted when he decided to put his plans into action.

Since Ryan wouldn't need the stamina to attack from the sky, he was using it to carry a massive steel box that he had made along the day. Inside the box, there were some gifts he had prepared for the Chupacabras. Although Ryan had to fly pretty high in the sky to escape the monsters' range, he eventually reached the place where he wanted to start the fight. Three hundred meters above the monster army. Since his arms were about to give up, Ryan let the steel box fall, and after a few seconds, he heard the sound of small impacts and the scream of the agony of the monsters.

"Holy shit my needle grenades are nastier than I thought."

Ryan spent the day transforming earth into earth needles and then into steel needles. That was the power of Earth Transformation, but since he couldn't use mana aside from firing bolts with his crossbow, he had to work on something else to make the needles cause as much damage as possible by themselves. So, Ryan created some grenades that could explode once they hit anything. Although he had to work a lot, he learned that he could transform even sand into gunpowder. Ryan just needed to focus and find the right amount of mana to do it.

"All the tension and fear that the grenades might explode close to me wore me out, but in the end, it had been worth the hassle."

Ryan equipped his crossbow and started to fire. Although his grenades caused a lot of damage in a wide area, not a single monster died. So, in the end, that trick only worked as a distraction.

Unable to understand what was going on, the Chupacabras looked for the one who had attacked them, but amidst the chaos, their senses weren't as nearly as good. Hence, Ryan managed to kill hundreds of them before they could finally notice that he was flying right above them.

You obtained 85 coins.

You obtained 85 coins.

You obtained 85 coins.

Without any other option, the monster started to fire some Dark Spheres toward Ryan. He focused on dodging them all since he didn't know what they could do, but when he failed at doing that, and his shield got hit, Ryan learned what the skill could do his shield got several times heavier.

"I guess it makes sense dark magic and gravity are somewhat related," Ryan said.

Fortunately, the effectiveness of the spell decreased with the range. So, even when Ryan got hit bit those, he didn't fall for his death. At best, his limbs got two to three fives heavier. Upon noticing that their attacks weren't being that effective. The monsters decided to hide with Darkness Transformation, but only those who weren't wounded managed to do that. Since the number of his targets decreased, and he wasn't being attacked anymore, Ryan speeds up his hunting speed.

However, things wouldn't go as Ryan wanted. Something that he had been expecting finally appeared some weird creatures covered in a dark cloak and flying like birds they were the bosses of Chupacabras.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1