Chapter 267: Core

Chapter 267: Core

The Chupacabras' dungeon appeared right in the center of a certain park in Monterrey. As if it had been made to completely stop any sunlight from entering inside of it, Ryan could see that the underground cave was pretty deep. While that was good because he will have the chance to control his bolt with more ease, at the same time, he probably won't be able to see much. Even with his Nocturnal Eyes. That skill helped him see better at night. It didn't help him see better places completely devoid of light.

"How are we going to proceed from here?" Natalia asked.

"I am going to use a magic item and fire a Thunder Arrow," Ryan explained. "The projectile won't be as fast as my ordinary attacks, and with the electricity, I will be able to see the layout of the dungeon. Once I memorize the path, I will attack with everything I have."

"You sure have some interesting skills," Natalia said.

"Stay on guard, my first attack won't cause much damage, but there is a chance that the vampires will realize what I am planning and will attack first," Ryan said. "If that happens, prepare yourselves."

Tristan and Luke gulped when they heard that, for a change, Ryan was serious, and since they were the two youngest of the group, they weren't good at that kind of serious atmosphere. While the others just checked their equipment and waited for Ryan to start his job.

After taking some deep breaths to calm down and raise his level of focus, Ryan equipped his magic wand and then fired a Thunder Arrow. In the blink of an eye, the projectile disappeared into the underground dungeon. In the end, Ryan quickly found some problems. He managed to control his Thunder Arrow perfectly since there weren't many intersections and the path toward the end of the dungeon was pretty straightforward. However, whenever he found a part of the dungeon where the path split, he saw one vampire resting in the corner of those places. They didn't even bother to pay attention to the magic projectile.

After flying for a few seconds, Ryan found the last part of the dungeon, and in there, he saw only thirty or so vampires resting. All the others were resting along the way Ryan wouldn't be able to damage all of them.

"Shit it looks like things will be very troublesome," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance.

After explaining what he saw, Ryan also told them what he was planning to do. Although he didn't give them many details, everyone understood that Ryan would only be able to damage and perhaps kill thirty or so vampires with his preemptive strike. That was only one-fourth of the total number he saw before.

"This seems bad," Daniel nodded. "If you truly wanted to get rid of even more than thirty, I can imagine how much you respect their strength."

"Unlike the dark spheres, the vampires can use Gravity at their will, so they don't have to hit us to make us lose our mobility," Ryan said. "While those who have the Trickster class can keep some mobility even in that situation, it isn't good enough."

"What if we use skills that have crowd control effects?" Luke asked. "That should keep them in check while you finish them with your arrows, right?"

"I don't think that will work," Ryan shook his head. "While most of their attributes aren't worth noticing, their mentality, willpower, and endurance are pretty high. Not to mention, they have a lot of health, mana, and stamina. So, they can fight for long periods of time. Even if I focus on attacking a single vampire non-stop, I am not sure for how long I will have to keep causing damage. There is also the fact that they can use Vampirism, and if any of us gets caught, the fight might last even longer."

This time, Ryan didn't manage to find a way for him to solve the situation. Maybe he was worrying too much since the vampires obviously didn't want to find it during the day, but even so, he didn't want to take any chances when he wasn't fighting alone. Why was he worried about the life of others? Because his head is already full of problems, if someone dies in that fight, that will bother him for quite a while.

"It looks like only teamwork can solve this situation," Daniel declared. "Let's just focus on fighting together, and things will work out in the end. Even if some of us get caught by the vampires, as long as we are close to each other, we can prevent the worst."

Ryan sighed when he heard that. It was the most nonsensical plan that he had heard in his life. Let's just stay together and fight there were zero strategies. Still, if they fight together close at the dungeon's entrance and grab the monsters' attention

"Yeah, let's follow Daniel's idea," Ryan said. "To make things proceed as well as possible, the front line will stay in front of the entrance while Gonzales and his friends will stay on the right of the entrance, and Angela, Natalia, and Tristan will attack from the left side."

"What about you?" Natalia asked while frowning. "No, rather than that, why are you following such a plan that has zero tactical planning?"

"I added some more points to his brilliant plan, didn't I?" Ryan asked. "In the end, we can't let the vampires move too far away from the entrance of the dungeon since they can fly. With that much mobility, they can easily move around and attack several of us from behind since they outnumber us in four to one. Anyway, the frontline will focus solely on drawing the zombies' attention, and the other two groups will attack the monsters while making sure that they won't get away from the dungeon."

Although Ryan's plan was simple and looked quite good, Daniel and the others couldn't help but frown since every one of his ideas had him as the core. That only showed how much he trusted on others...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1