Chapter 269: Giving Up

Chapter 269: Giving up

"That asshole" Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance while the vampires were flying upward.

To make matters worse, the vampires used Daniel as a shield to prevent Ryan from attacking them. Although they had a better angle of attack, the others didn't try to attack the vampires. They didn't want to risk hitting Daniel.

"Do it, Ryan!" Daniel shouted while he was trying to free himself from the vampires. "I can take it!"

"You can't, dumbass..." Ryan said and then sighed.

Even though Daniel was wearing full-plate armor, and that was what was preventing him from being bitten all over by the vampires, such a thing won't prevent Ryan from exploding him if he charges his Power Shot for a few seconds. Regardless, to think Ryan would be forced to use his head in order to save Daniel fate certainly is a bitch.

Ryan sighed and took out his Paralyzing Spear. At the same time, he looked at Natalia and moved his hands as if he was saying, "give me that." Natalia understood the message and threw the Sagittarians' bow. While nocking the spear, Ryan decided to say his farewells to Daniel.

"Too bad, but I don't have any intention of racking my brain to save someone like you," Ryan said. "You will have to be sacrificed for the greater good. Consider this your payment for letting yourself to get caught by the enemy."

" Hahaha, you certainly can crack jokes at the most unexpected moments, Ryan," Daniel showed a nervous smile.

"Yeah I am a joker," Ryan said and then began to charge his Power Shot.

While weakened by sunlight and covered in bruises, the vampires couldn't move that fast while carrying Daniel. So, Ryan didn't even bother moving. He just nonchalantly charged his attack for quite a while. Knowing what Ryan could do, the vampire started to become apprehensive.

"Hey, Ryan you can't be serious" Tristan said.

When the air around Ryan began to change due to the amount of energy concentrated, everyone noticed that Ryan was serious. They knew that he was a bit insane, but not that much. Even though Daniel, Mia, and him had a story, Ryan never showed any sign that he wanted to kill them at some point.

However, in the end, the vampires decided to bet that Ryan didn't have the guts to sacrifice his ally in order to attain it completely. That pissed Ryan so much that he decided to kill those fuckers without leaving a single molecule behind they will be obliterated.

Ryan fired, and at that very moment, the vampires finally concluded that he would sacrifice everything to obtain complete victory. Those monsters kicked Daniel toward the Paralyzing Spear in order to make him be the center of the impact at the same time, they flew toward all directions to escape the explosion, but that had been a mistake. Daniel indeed got hit by something, but only by the pressure of the air when the projectile passed by him. In the end, Ryan used Force and Telekinesis to make his attack pass by him. However, at that moment, time suddenly stopped moving, and Ryan clearly saw his spear moving one centimeter after the other.

"This is"

Ryan had experienced something like that before. Orgar had done something to slow down time when they escaped from Lilith's word. At first, Ryan thought he had used some crazy buff to increase their speed, but that wasn't the case it was time magic. While that piece of information was important, the real important piece of information was that Alissa was nearby and used that spell. Maybe other dragons could use such a technique, but they didn't have any reason to save Daniel, so it made sense that Alissa was nearby.

"I am glad that you haven't fallen so low despite everything"

Ryan clicked his tongue when he heard Alissa's voice. Still, at the very least, she wasn't treating Ryan like an idiot Regardless, time returned to move at its right speed, and in the blink of an eye, the spear hit the vampires a few meters behind Daniel. The explosion happened, and that caused another shockwave that sent Daniel flying to the distance. Ryan just watched him pass by him, he wasn't going to die from the fall anyway, and in the worst-case scenario, he will only break a few limbs. He deserved at least that much pain for making Ryan experience that stupidly annoying situation.

In the end, the explosion decimated the vampires and also destroyed the tip of the Paralyzing Spear. However, Ryan could repair it, so it was fine. In the end, everyone sighed in relief when they saw that Daniel wasn't caught in the explosion. Although he broke an arm in the fall, that was just a minor nuisance.

"You scared me for a second, Ryan," Daniel said. "You should have blinked or something or warn me."

"You really are stupid" Ryan sighed. "Why would I do that? Since I didn't do it, I enjoyed watching you almost shitting your pants."

" You are really nasty," Daniel sighed.

"This is nothing. If one day I decide to kill you, I won't do it with a bow. It will be with my hands," Ryan said and then went to see the loot.

Daniel gulped since he almost laughed but didn't see a hint of a joke in Ryan's eyes. Maybe he was serious, or maybe that was just another way of him to say fuck off it was impossible to know."

"You really like to test your luck," Holland said and then patted Daniel's back. "Sorry about that. I was so close to you, but I didn't react on time to prevent you from being captured."

"It is okay. None of us could have predicted that the vampires would do something like that," Daniel smiled. "Let's just work hard in order not to let something like that caught us off-guard again."

Despite saying that Daniel was sweating cold with a smile on his face because he recalled Ryan's eyes when he fired. He saw a lot of hatred there although his attitude improved a little bit, his hate didn't grow weaker. For the first time, Daniel considered that he should change his attitude as well. His overly friend attitude had a single purpose, to restore their friendship, but it looked like that was impossible.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1