Chapter 261: Solo Progress

Chapter 261: Solo progress

When Daniel started to get the hang of the ax, Ryan decided to change the terrain around them a little bit. Given the number of monsters in the city, any changes that he might make in a few minutes wouldn't be that useful. However, at the very least, some holes to make the monsters fall and prevent the corpses from troubling his vision would help. Ryan also some towers of earth, and they would give him and the other long-ranged fighters a good idea of how the fight was proceeding.

"Man, you are an archer, but you can do more things with magic than me," Tristan forced a depreciative smile. "I guess I need to clear dungeons more often."

That was the right mindset for someone who truly wanted to improve. Regardless, the time has finally come. The frontline gave the sign to the backline that they were ready, so Ryan only had to deal the first strike, and then the fight would start.

Since Ryan didn't want to risk breaking any of his magic items, he decided to use Power Shot with his crossbow. However, after a while, even his most powerful weapon started to tremble and lose durability. It couldn't be helped since Ryan used dozens of potions to cause one heck of a first strike.

In the end, Ryan only stopped when he did the same as before: he charged his Power Shot for five seconds. When he pulled the trigger, immediately sent flying backward for several meters, but before he could land, his attack hit the army of monsters, and he recovered all his mana. Thanks to it, he used Telekinesis to stop.

Unlike before, his attack wasn't concentrated due to the fact that the projectile wasn't the Paralyzing Spear. However, thanks to that, the energy of his attack propagated even more and killed hundreds of Chupacabras at the same time. Even from two kilometers away, Daniel and the others felt the ground trembling.

"Holy shit Ryan has the power of several warships," Tristan laughed while his face was completely pale.

"Focus," Ryan said after he resumed his position. "They are coming."

While everyone waited for the monsters to come, Ryan started to pull the trigger of his crossbow nonstop. Only Natalia could see the monsters in the distance getting hit by the poisoned bolts and then getting killed after a few seconds of agony from that group.

The others could only see a dark wave that was the monsters clustered in the same place as they charged.

However, after a while, even for those who didn't have good eyes and a lot of points in dexterity, it became clear that Ryan's attacks were decimating the monsters. Those creatures were supposed to have reached them a long time ago, but Ryan's shots decreased their speed considerably. Somehow he could fire ten bolts per second and at the same time hit his targets all of them. Not that it was hard for him, given how close to each other the monsters were.

When the monsters were five hundred meters away from them, Natalia and Tristan began to attack as well. Their spells and arrows flew in a wide arch before hitting the monsters. Missing was literally impossible, but killing them with a single attack wasn't possible for them either. The more the monster approached the driver, their throats got.

"I think Ryan lost his mind," Tristan said. "Even if he can kill ten of them per second, we won't win this battle."

"I didn't raise you to be a coward," Natalia said. "Just focus on slowing down the monsters if you are not confident in your firepower."

Angela began to make the hammer spin. Although she needed to focus on making full use of her Telekinesis, even her ears feeling and hearing her heartbeat like a drum.

"I got this. I got this," Angela muttered.

A few meters behind them, Daniel, Holland, Lilian, and Luke, were watching the monsters approaching. All of them, at some point, wondered why they didn't question 'battle plan', not even a little bit. Given how many items and things he could do, they assumed that his battle experience made him a good strategy, but it was clear that they were wrong. Ryan was just an insane guy

However, those thoughts vanished from their head while they watched Ryan killing the Chupacabras like a machine built only to do that.

"This is it, Holland," Daniel said. "If we fail at stopping the monster's charge, we can't consider ourselves men anymore. If a single person like Ryan can do this much, at the very least, we need to stand to our ground."

"Although you are an idiot, I can understand you a little," Holland said and then sighed. "In any case, one that things have come down to this, it is do or die. Let's do it and return with a lot of loot."

As for Lilian and Luke, they didn't say anything. Since they were martial artists, they knew how to keep their focus even in that crazy situation. After ten seconds the army of Chupacabras finally reached the place they were.

Although Ryan killed more than one thousand monsters just in the time the monsters moved toward him, it looked like his actions had been for naught. Even though he was killing ten monsters per second and the front line was finishing off the monsters damaged by the backline, and that added more or less five Chupacabras being killed per second. It wasn't enough

For the time being, Daniel was healing himself thanks to the ax fast enough to keep fighting. The paralyzing spear was also helping Holland a lot. Still, even though Lilian and Luke were working together using the effects of the gauntlets, they were being pushed back, and that was putting a lot of pressure on the other two. Ryan had to do something and something fast before the situation could get even worse.

Class: Hunter Lv 55 (+ 05 UP / Elementalist Lv 50 (+ 03 UP)/ Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 331st

Health: 669/669 (3,05/s)

Mana: 1224/1224 (3,05/s)

Stamina: 978/978 (3,05/s)

Strength: 30 (+157) (+130)

Dexterity: 1050 (+810) (+57)

Speed: 70 (+372) (+48)

Intelligence: 80 (+365) (+3)

Endurance: 27 (+111) (+130)

Control: 06 (+398) (+10)

Mentality: 07 (+31) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+9)

Recovery: 700 (+833) (+300)

Willpower: 29 (+30)

Coins: 12.782.333

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 67 (+ 05 UP), Hawkeye Lv 21 (+ 08 UP)

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 56 (+ 05 UP), Concentration Lv 56 (+ 05 UP), Archery Lv 56 (+ 05 UP), Accuracy Lv 56 (+ 05 UP), Art of Sniping Lv 52 (+ 04 UP),  Sell Lv 01,

Spells: Incomplete Reptilian Transformation Lv 27 (+ 04 UP), Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 49 (+ 04 UP), Strength Augmentation Lv 01, Deconstruction Lv 01,

Support Skills: Sleep Resistance Lv 27 (+ 04 UP), Nocturnal Eyes Lv 27 (+ 03 UP), Gravity Resistance Lv 07 (+06 UP)

Classes:

Combat: Archer Lv 45 (+ 07 UP), Combat Archer Lv 28 (+ 11 UP), Sniper Lv 21 (+ 09 UP),

Non-Combatant:

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1