Chapter 260: Loan

Chapter 260: Loan

"That is a lot of enemies" Tristan said with his mouth wide open.

"No shit, Sherlock," Natalia said. "It looks like somehow you attacked them directly and survived to tell the tale. I don't know if you are insane or just that confident."

"What are you guys' range?" Ryan asked. "If it is shorter than one hundred meters, then you better have some lightning-like reflexes. Those fuckers can cross that distance in the blink of an eye."

"I hate fast monsters," Daniel sighed. "I am better against the tough and big monsters like golems. Anyway, it looks like you will have to save us more than a few times, Angela."

"Against those numbers, don't expect much," Angela shrugged.

While everyone was talking nonsense, Ryan began to think about what he should do to prevent the worst-case scenario. Although he didn't feel responsible for their lives, it would be a pity, and his job will get much harder if they die. In the end, Ryan decided to loan his magic items.

"Which one of you is the fastest?" Ryan asked while he faced Lilian and Luke.

"I am," Lilian said.

"Then use this," Ryan passed his frozen gauntlets to her. "Although you won't be able to use your monk skills directly, the effect of this weapon will help you a lot. Even if you don't freeze the enemies, they will get considerably slower."

"Not bad" Luke opened his eyes widely while he checked the status of the gauntlets. "Do you have other gauntlets like these?"

"No," Ryan replied.

"Well it would be weird if you had," Luke said with his head down.

Ryan used Appraisal on Natalia and noticed that she had the right skills to fight for a while. Although she probably won't kill the Chupacabras as fast as him, she will manage to recover some mana. So, he decided to lend her the Sagittarians' bow.

"This should be a bit better than your current bow, and its effect will help you to use Power Shot more often," Ryan said. "Just don't break it."

"I am not going to smash it against the monster's head, so I can't imagine how I can break a bow like this" Natalia frowned. "Thanks, I will make good use of it."

"Can you believe this guy?" Daniel asked to Holland.

"Yeah he is prioritizing the girls," Holland nodded.

Ryan was looking for a reason not to lend a weapon to Daniel and he just found it. After that, he gave his rings to Tristan since he was going to need a lot of mana to be useful, and then he gave his hammer to Angela.

"If you make this spin, I am pretty sure your Telekinesis will be more useful, and then you will prevent the monsters from getting too close to those two dumbasses," Ryan said.

" You talk as if you already tried that," Angela frowned.

"I can do that with Wind Manipulation, but with Telekinesis, the attacks are more effective," Ryan explained.

"You talk as if you know Telekinesis," Angela said.

Ryan using Telekinesis, took the hammer from Angela and made a spin. The rotation was so intense that everyone could see a mini-tornado below the hammer. Since only Angela knew that skill, they couldn't help but open their eyes widely in shock.

"Before you keep asking more things non-stop, I will say that I bought the tome," Ryan explained. "It cost was five million coins, but as you can see, it was worth the investment you really were luck by finding a tome like this by chance."

Now Ryan just had to find some equipment for Daniel and Holland, but he hesitated to help them since they were two annoying assholes. It would be more convenient if they suffer a lot during the fight. However, that only would-be Ryan causing problems to himself. So, he lent the Paralyzing Spear to Holland and his Chaos Axe to Daniel to think that he would lend an item to him that would increase his survivability like that Ryan began to hate more and more those fucking Chupacabras.

"Holy crap where did you find a weapon with such effects?" Daniel asked in shock.

"When I was playing house in a military base," Ryan said. "Now, get used to the weapon as fast as possible. As I said, I want to test if the vampires can fight during the day, and if they can't, I don't want to waste a single minute of daylight."

Since Daniel never used an ax before, he wasn't used to the weapon, and he didn't even have Axe Mastery. So, to speed up things a little bit, he sparred for a while with Holland.

"Hey, Ryan. It is not fair that only didn't receive an item," Luke said.

"I don't have anything else decent aside from this crossbow and a shield," Ryan said. "I can lend you the shield, but unless you block the attacks with it, you won't be able to use its effect. Besides, you will become much slower."

"Give up, Luke. It can't be helped," Lilian said. "You sure have a large range of weapons, and while the first I saw you, you were using a crossbow. Are you sure that you should use only that one?"

"It is fine. With my status and extra effect of this weapon, I can kill the monsters with a single bolt," Ryan said. "I didn't solve this entire situation before because I can't stay still in a single place while shooting, but with you guys here, that won't be a problem."

"Are you sure of that?" Lilian asked. "If you ask me, this crossbow of yours doesn't look that special."

"You will see," Ryan replied.

In fact, Ryan also looking forward to how things will proceed. Not even when he fought alongside Alissa, Ryan found such a favorable situation for him probably because Alissa was always running wild without using her head. Regardless, now more than ever, Ryan wanted to put into practice his progress during those three months. He wanted to show the monsters that the things that his father taught were more than enough to make him survive and clean Earth.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1