Chapter 268: A Massive Idiot

Chapter 268: A massive idiot

In the end, Ryan didn't change his plan all that much, but Angela and Natalia made him realize that it was a bit too much to hope that four people could slow down dozens of flying vampires.

So, he created around the dungeon entrance a thing that he called the forest of the killer trees. Basically, he used Earth Manipulation and Earth Transformation to block the dungeon's exit with several metal poles full of spikes. If the zombies try to pass by them, the spikes will wound and slow them down. If the slowdown in order not to get hurt, the long-range fighters will use that extra time to keep attacking.

"Now, this is more like it," Natalia said. "You can start now."

Ryan sighed since he had to waste two hours to create those barricades, and now, they only had two hours before sunset. Regardless in order to prevent more waste of time, Ryan started to charge his Power Shot.

Considering that the monsters on the last part of the dungeon were spread, the chances of Ryan killing all of them at the same time was quite slim, even more so since he had to avoid damaging the purple crystal. So, in the end, Ryan only charged the attack for twenty6 seconds and then fired.

After a few seconds, the ground trembled, and Ryan took a deep breath since he confirmed that he didn't damage the purple crystal. Regardless, he still managed to kill ten vampires and heavily wound fifteen others.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

For a moment, Ryan hoped while he was charging another Power Shot that the vampires closest to the entrances would shop up first, but even though they could reach the entrance after just a few seconds, they didn't show up alone. All the vampires inside the dungeon left that hole of theirs at the same time. Although that helped Ryan to charge his attack for a few precious seconds, it wasn't enough.

The monsters tried to fly between the metal poles that Ryan had created, but they still got cut by the spikes. Although he made the tips using silver, the wounds didn't seem different than ordinary ones. The only difference that Ryan noticed what that the monsters were slower than he could remember, and they looked really annoyed.

"As expected, it looks like sunlight is their only weakness. In any case, they sure came outside pretty fast I guess they understood that I could snipe them even while they stay hidden inside the dungeon. This is truly their last stand."

"Now!" Daniel shouted.

After giving the order, Daniel and the other members of the frontline attacked the monsters who tried to fly straight to Ryan. At the same time, the long-range fighters used their attacks to slow down and damage as much as possible the vampire that tried to escape to the sky and to the sides.

Those creatures noticed that they couldn't focus only on Ryan and ignore the others. However, even though they tried, the vampires failed at approaching their targets due to the intensity of the barrage of attacks. It was only natural that even while weakened, the vampires wouldn't hold back forever, but at the moment, the only thing they could was to endure the attacks.

"I have to keep charging the attack until the very last moment."

Little by little, the metal poles Ryan had created were being destroyed, at the same time, Daniel and the other frontline members were being pushed back by the vampires. Since the very beginning, they focused solely on defense, but as expected, they couldn't protect their vitals effectively when their bodies suddenly became ten or twenty times heavier. Ryan could see several damage marks on Daniel and Holland's armor. Meanwhile, Luke and Lilian were starting to bleed from several places. It looked like the vampires' claws were much sharper than he predicted.

"Shit it is now or never." Ryan clenched his teeth.

Ryan fired his bolt, and a massive explosion happened right at the entrance of the dungeon where most of the monsters were clustered. His attack caused a shockwave that knocked down foes and allies alike. Still, as expected, his allies suffered far less damage since the body of the vampires served as a barrier to prevent the energy from dispersing even further.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

You obtained 33.000 coins.

Ryan quickly received forty of those messages in the end, his two attacks not even killed half of the monsters. Hopefully, the damage had spread to some extent, but Ryan decided not to count on that. It was better to just focus on attacking.

When the dust died down, Ryan saw the vampires getting up and his allies doing the same but much slower. As expected, the shockwave damaged them quite a bit. Even though the long-range fighters were at a certain distance, they were the ones who suffered the most. Ryan used his crossbow, and after a few seconds, he finally killed another vampire As expected, relying on his crossbow alone was too risky. The monsters were already ready for the next charge.

"It can't be helped, huh" Ryan sighed.

Ryan sighed and then started to use Power of Money alongside his crossbow. However, instead of focusing on slaying vampires, he made sure to attack until they fell down. He wasn't going to obtain a single coin from then, so there was no need to focus on killing them for the time being.

As expected, Daniel and the others who came from Indianapolis to help Ryan were the first ones to recover and resume the fight. The vampires' gravity was no longer in effect, so they rushed to the offensive without holding back. The number of monsters decreased at a fast pace now that Ryan decided not to worry about coins. However, at the last moment, the vampires planned a suicide attack. The last ten monsters working together flew in the same direction. The survivors' attack killed five of those, but the last five captured Daniel in the end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1