Chapter 279: Improvising

Chapter 279: Improvising

Ryan's body was hurting too much for him to make a decent plan. Besides, he didn't have time, so he decided to accept the lesser of the two evils. Or, in his case, the less troublesome of the possible outcomes.

The ground started to tremble around the armored giants, and they noticed that the golems were heading toward them. That had been the chance Ryan had been waiting for. In order to prevent any other unknown factors from interfering with the fight, several of them armored giants dashed toward Ryan and punched his body. However, they only a thin mirror of ice that Ryan had left behind. That was the power of his spell, Mirror.

Although the skill didn't cause much damage, Ryan obtained enough time to reposition himself. After using Flash a few times, now he was behind the armored giants. The only problem was that he wasn't with his Paralyzing Spear, and the plan he had made ended with that. Now, he had to improvise.

While Ryan was thinking of what to do, the remaining of his army of golems were being massacred by the front and the back. In the end, it looked like the only option was to retreat again. He already had decreased the strength of the enemy quite a lot, after all. One more wave of attack, and he could finish the job However, Ryan was refused to retreat again not completely, at least.

"It is time for some kitting and to use a skill I never used before" Ryan muttered while he was gaining some distance from the armored giants.

Thanks to his stealth, Ryan managed to hide again and charge another Power Shot without being disrupted. After charging for a full minute, he fired, but this time he used some extra mana and activated Brute Arrow. A skill that empowered his attacks and also could stun or make the targets that got hit move a few meters backward.

When Ryan's attack landed, the explosion killed several armored giants. At the same time, those who survived were sent flying dozens of meters in the distance. Ryan smirked since he recovered all his mana and managed to use Full-Heal and his broken bones were back to normal.

"Much better," Ryan said.

While the bosses were recovering from the surprise attack, Ryan was already preparing the second Power Shot. When the beasts finally found his position, they dashed toward him mindlessly. However, they spread around the area at the last minute since they knew that his attacks could decimate several of them in the blink of an eye.

"Dumbasses" Ryan muttered while smiling.

Ryan fired anyway, and his attack didn't hit anything aside from the mass of giants that were attacking his golems. Hundreds of them died, and while his mana was being filled every moment, Ryan used Flash to approach his summoned creatures. It was strange, he couldn't remember the time he managed to use so many times in a single second, but he was one kilometer away from the bosses in the blink of an eye.

"I wonder if I hit my head or something," Ryan frowned. "I feel strangely light"

Ryan began to charge another Power Shot. However, at the same time, he fired several Electric Bullets on the fallen giants to paralyze them for a few more moments and give the golems more time to smash them apart.

Before the armored giants could react on time, half of their underlings had died. The numbers in that fight were starting to get a little more even, but Ryan wasn't satisfied yet. He made his golems form a circle around the giants, and at the center of that circle, Ryan started to froze the monsters with his Ice Storm the poor monsters tried to escape, but with the Ice Storm pulling them to the center and with the golems using Earthquake, didn't have any chance.

Coming from several directions, the armored giants rejoined the fight. As if Ryan would let such a simple strategy bother him he just fired his Power Shot on the ground several meters ahead of him, and then a massive cloud of dust was raised. The monsters lost sight of Ryan, but Ryan didn't lose sight of them, thanks to Radar. With the Chaos Axe in hand, Ryan started his massacre.

Suddenly, an armored giant felt something landing on its back. Before he could turn, Ryan attacked the back of his head by using all the buffs that could increase his strength alongside Concentrated Strike. His attack knocked down the monster but didn't kill it. The beast kissed the ground and grunted in pain.

Congratulations! The skill Concentrated Strike reached level five.

"Right, I need to level up this to become more useful," Ryan muttered.

Ryan used Concentrated Strike several other times without concentrating it until the monster fell dead. He had to be faster. Eventually, the dust will vanish, and the monsters will find him. Or even worse, they will try to escape After using Sting to pick up the pace, Ryan killed the armored giants one after the other, and in the end, they made a terrible mistake by splitting up.

Some of them grunted and warned the others to leave the area, but that had already been too late. In the end, when the dust vanished, only twenty armored giants were alive, and all the ordinary monsters had been killed.

"It is your choice now," Ryan said with the crossbow in one hand and the ax in the other. "You can proudly while fighting, or you can die like cowards by running. Your freaks caused me a lot of trouble, so there is no third option.

Ryan didn't know if they understood his message, but he understood the look in their eyes when they looked around and saw the mountain of corpses that once had been their friends. They looked at Ryan as if he was some piece of trash. Despite that, he felt nothing they were the invaders, not him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1