Chapter 278: Change Of Plans

Chapter 278: Change of plans

In the end, when the dragons finally died, Ryan had managed to kill twenty thousand giants it was a pretty impressive number, given that he did that in less than half an hour. However, he now only had five hundred golems under his control, and he still had to fight against two thousand giants and two hundred very pissed bosses.

"Mmm maybe I should have picked the Necromancer class," Ryan forced a smile while seeing the mountain of corpses around the battlefield. "Using the skill of such a class will probably make me throw up a few times, but at the very least, the chances of me losing this fight would be pretty low."

Despite his words, Ryan didn't feel like giving up. He was determined to clear that dungeon that day. So, he only stored his bow, equipped his crossbow, and unleashed his magic weapons. Instead of giving the armored giants the chance to attack first, Ryan attacked the giants with his magic weapons alongside Telekinesis.

The armored giants ignored the golems since they knew once Ryan dies, the golems will disappear. Ryan smiled when he saw that things would be difficult for him, but his golems would last longer that way. Regardless, even though their armor looked pretty heavy, the bosses managed to cover the distance between them and Ryan in the blink of an eye. Several of them jumped toward him and crossed two hundred meters in half a second, and punched the spot he had been before. However, they didn't hit anything. Ryan used Flash and appeared a few meters on their left side, making poisoned bolts rain over them.

Ryan didn't know what their armor was made of, but his bolts didn't even leave a dent on it. He got a lot of interest in the material, but unfortunately, their fucking armor disappears when they die.

"It is time to change my plans again." Ryan frowned.

The armored giants had most of their bodies protected by the armor. The only unprotected parts were the feet, hands, and head. Hitting any of them would be hard, but Ryan knew a way to obtain a chance to do that.

When the next group of bosses tried to smash Ryan, he used Flash again. When he appeared a few meters away from them, he bombarded the monsters with Electric Bullets. It was barely noticeable, but their armor conducted the electricity and shocked the monsters, paralyzing them for a few moments. Ryan used those to rain poisoned bolts on their faces.

"RRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!"

Several of those monsters screamed from the depths of their soul when their eyes were destroyed. However, at that point in time, Ryan was already used to that. He just repeated the same thing over and over again until some bosses began to fall dead.

The monsters were in shock since they couldn't understand how come Ryan could have so much mana. If they weren't stupid, they would know that it was due to the golems and his magic weapons in which he was controlling to massacre the ordinary giants. Still, since their durability was high, Ryan could barely recover enough mana on time. Ryan was used too much mana to escape and attack, after all. To make matters worse, he used all his mana potions to eliminate the giants as fast as possible earlier.

"I guess this is it" Ryan muttered while frowning. "I can keep doing this for a while longer, but soon, I won't be able to recover enough mana. Since I have some stamina potions, then I can rely on Power Shot, but"

It looked like Ryan will be forced to change his plans much sooner than he expected. The giants were tough, and thanks to it, his magic weapons were losing durability. Before their weapons could break, Ryan made the golems form a semi-circle, and then at the same time, they used Earthquake. Some giants lost their foot and fell to the ground. Although the damage caused wasn't impressive, it served Ryan well to save his weapons. Ryan's mana regeneration speed decreased a lot, but it had been just enough for him to escape from the armored giants and to repair his Paralyzing Spear.

"It is time, if I manage to kill several of them, I will recover a lot of mana in the blink of an eye," Ryan muttered after using Flash to escape another attack and while nocking the spear. "However, something has been bothering me they have been repeating the same attack pattern over and over again, even though their numbers are decreasing. This is strange."

It took Ryan a while, but he eventually noticed. The armored giants weren't just attacking him blindly. They were positioning several groups around Ryan after using Flash so many times, they already knew the range of the skill, so they knew until which point he could move.

When he noticed that, Ryan didn't have time to find a way to counter their formation. When a group of armored giants attacked him, he used Flash and appeared several meters above them, and he fired his Paralyzing Spear. However, at the same time, another group was already on the way, and somehow, they predicted that Ryan would do that.

Ryan used Extra Jump to avoid the group, but a single armored boss still managed to attack him in the end. At the last moment, Ryan activated Mana Shield, but his defense was shattered, and the massive fist of the monster hit his left shoulder.

When Ryan opened his eyes again, he was in the center of a small crater, and his whole body was hurting like hell. His attack killed several armored giants, but he didn't recover enough mana to use Full-Heal.

"Now you have done it fucking worms," Ryan muttered.

Ryan slowly got up and then used Heal to recover his health and mend his broken bones a little. However, when he did that, he saw that the armored giants improved even further their encirclement. Somehow, Ryan killed one hundred of them, but the other one hundred surrounded him completely, and they had no intention of underestimating him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1