Chapter 276: Weirdness

Chapter 276: Weirdness

While the armored giants were jumping around and trying to hit the dragons with their punches and kicks, the ordinary ones were busy using their massive bows to cause some damage as well. Thanks to that, Ryan managed to sneak around and slay dozens of them in just a few minutes, and before some of them finally noticed that they were being attacked by land as well.

When the giants turned around, they saw the golems' army moving toward them. Some of those who bow immediately tried to take down the golems before they could get too close, but Ryan made sure to hit their eyes and prevent it.

"Many of them have bows I should focus on blinding them first," Ryan muttered.

When the armored giants noticed that a third party had joined the fight, the dragons finally got some room to breathe. However, that relief only lasted a few seconds. The armored giants only saw some golems, so they soon resumed their fight against the dragons. As expected, they were pretty dumb.

"I couldn't have asked for more," Ryan smirked.

It took him a few minutes, but eventually, Ryan managed to blink the one hundred or so giants that have bows. Some of them died, but their numbers were so low that Ryan couldn't even imagine such a loss in numbers affecting the fight. However, he went on a total offensive when his golems invaded the giants' camp and started to attack the monsters. He gave them the order to use Earth Bullet, and at the same time, he went all out with his Pestilence Crossbow.

When the giants saw the Earth Bullets, they were crazy enough to try to block the attack with their arms alone. They managed to do that, but Ryan hit them several times with his bolts, thanks to it. Those giants began to fall at a fearsome pace, and the bosses finally realized that something was off.

Although they realized that, it wasn't like they could just ignore the dragons and fight the third party. The armored giants hurried to finish off the dragons, but Ryan had already exterminated five thousand giants when they finally concluded their job.

"Not bad wait, what is that?" Ryan frowned when he saw some shorter giants suddenly joining the fight.

Ryan opened his eyes in surprise when he saw what seemed to be kid giants joining the fight. For a moment, Ryan hesitated in attacking them, even though those were destroying his golems. Although he would never say it out loud, Ryan indeed had a weak spot for kids. He almost became a teacher after. Not only that, he once also dreamed of having a big family it was no wonder why he only worried about Arthur and now Zoe since he gave a risky job. However, he hesitated only for a moment

"This is war and they are monsters," Ryan muttered while he pulled the trigger and slain several of them. "I can't even count how many kids on the human side died this is the price you will pay for invading our planet and slaying humans."

Suddenly, Ryan's firing speed increased. His focus reached its peak, and he turned into a killing machine. He was determined to slay all monsters, be they young or old, male or female. None of them will escape, and until his last breath, he will hunt all of them

Ryan had counted that the giants had around fifteen thousand on their side, but it looked like their numbers had increased for twenty thousand due to the younger ones. Aside from that, the number of armored giants was around two hundred, and despite the battle against the dragons their number didn't decrease. Ryan soon understood a little better their strength when they joined the fight against the golems. A single one of them dashed forward, and dozens of his summoned creatures exploded in pieces. In the end, thirty or so armored giants defeated his whole army in less than five minutes.

"They are more troublesome than I thought" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It is a pity, but I will have to retreat for the time being."

Although he made that mistake before, Ryan didn't have the intention to rush ahead without a proper plan. Besides, even though he lost his army, he learned many things. First of all, the Giants were bad at noticing small details. That was his plan of using the Earth Bullets with his poisoned bolts worked so well. Also, they focus too much on dealing with the enemies they could see. So, when they tried to find the summoner of the golems, Ryan was already very far away.

Ryan managed to decrease the enemy's forces by around thirty percent, but he will do a better job next time he just has to wait for the right moment, and that moment is when giants and dragons start to fight again.

"This time, I will properly watch the camp before doing anything," Ryan nodded to himself. "It is too risky to cause another dungeon break, and it might take too long to find another dungeon it can't be helped; I will use proper use of my coins to buy mana potions and my recovery as well."

Although summoned creatures could level up much faster by fighting, they could level up as well by sparring against each other and while being summoned. Ryan intended to make use of that and make the golems level up at least ten more levels.

The level-ups would help as well, but Ryan also decided to increase the size of the army. Even though the giants were dumb, Ryan didn't want to let them get used to his tactics. So, despite the fact that he didn't want to rush ahead, he intended to exterminate all the giants in the next fight.

"I guess this is fine I am patient to create the golems," Ryan muttered to himself. "I am trying to finish things as fast as possible because that is also the best strategy."

For some reason, Ryan was making excuses to himself

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1