Chapter 270: Centaur'S Blood

Chapter 270: Centaur's Blood

Although the number of coins obtained had been pretty low since Ryan used Power of Money, the bosses dropped a lot of items. However, Ryan only got a pair of gloves because those were the only items he was interested in. As for tomes and the other loot the others thought he deserved, he sold them for a reasonable price.

Gloves of Master Hunter

Effect: Increases your attack speed when using crossbow and bows by ten percent.

Dexterity + 20

Durability: 50/50

"Not bad, I guess the bonus in status alone already is worth using it, and if I manage to fire while completely focused, my power will reach a whole new level."

Some people got wounded in the fight, mostly because of Ryan's Power Shot, so they waited for a while for everyone to recover before entering the dungeon. It was impossible to tell if Ryan and the others had exterminated all vampires. Some of them still might be hiding inside the dungeon, so all caution was necessary.

"Fighting with these numbers inside the dungeon will be tough," Ryan declared. "But we can't leave anyone behind either. So, Angela and me are going to clean the path and fight, if necessary, with our Telekinesis."

It seemed like a bad idea to make two long-ranged fighters take the lead in a dark place, but since no one had a better idea as to how to be careful, they went along with that plan. However, much to their surprise and satisfaction, they didn't find a single boss alive inside the dungeon. They only fought here and there because the Chupacabras were still spawning.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Lord, Weapons Master, and Necromancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"As expected, the classes we can obtain here truly are from the third tier." Ryan nodded in satisfaction.

It has been a long while since Ryan felt so conflicted about his options. He had no idea what the Lord class could do, but the Weapons Master and Necromancer class truly were appearing. Considering status alone, the obvious choice would be to become a Weapons Master, but considering utility, Necromancer was the way to go. If his goal were to obtain more coins in order to obtain other skills, Ryan would have picked the Necromancer class, but in the end, he chose Weapons Master because he needed to increase his raw power much, much more. That happened many times, but that only made Ryan notice that absolute power was necessary to achieve his goals. Once he recalled that, he made his decision.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Weapons Master!

You obtained the following skills: Mastery, Observation, and Potential.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mastery.

Effect: It increases passively the growth speed of your skills that are related to weapons by one percent per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Observation.

Effect: It grants you the power also to level up your weapon-related skills when seeing others fighting.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Potential.

Effect: It passively increases all your attributes by one point per level

You obtained 01 status point.

"Those are some interesting skills."

While frowning, Ryan studied that class for a while longer. Although all of them would only truly shine in the long run, in the end, Ryan was satisfied with what he got. While Observation wouldn't come in handy often, the other two would help Ryan a lot since he will be able to decrease his weakness to a certain extent. However, Ryan's surprise didn't end there.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 300 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 298th

You obtained: Centaurs' Blood.

"It has been a while since I never dropped those. I never expected to find monster's blood that easily, but damn to think that not even dragons drop this is kind of harsh."

"Well, Ryan, is that" Tristan hesitated to ask.

Centaurs' Blood.

It grants you the following skills: Improved Speed, Heroic Archery, Heroic Spearmanship.

Ryan ignored Tristan and used Appraisal on the bottle filled with blood, but he couldn't help but frown in the end. He understood what Improved Speed could do just by reading. However, the other skills were weird some skills had upgraded versions like Concentration, Improved Concentration, and Enhanced Concentration. Still, Ryan didn't expect that from skills related to the direct use of weapons.

Once everyone discovered that Ryan obtained the monster's blood that could alter his body, they couldn't help but frown. Apparently, many survivors hesitated in drinking that, even if getting such material was such great luck.

"Hey, Ryan," Natalia said, looking visibly worried. "Daniel already told us that you used something like that before you certainly aren't thinking of changing your body even further, right?"

"Why are you worried? Do you like the current me or something?" Ryan laughed.

"I am serious here" Natalia said.

"Well, Daniel talks too much," Ryan said. "In any case, for your information, I already did this three times, and nothing happened. Do you see anything strange with me?"

"Aside from the fact that you are insane and acts like an edgy kid who wants to stay alone?" Natalia asked. "No I don't think so."

Ryan furrowed his eyebrows since it looked like everyone had the same opinion of him. Still, it doesn't matter what others think of him. Ryan's life was his alone, and no one could stop him from doing what he wanted or obtaining more power. If something happens after drinking the blood of so many monsters, he will deal with the consequences when the time comes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1