Chapter 275: Causing A Dungeon Break

Chapter 275: Causing a dungeon break

Ryan tried to recall the conversation that he had with Mark. More specifically, about the localization of the dungeons that haven't been cleared yet. It was quite the roundabout way to clear a tier-three dungeon, but to do that as fast as possible, Ryan will have to clear a lower level one and then built an army of golems.

"Let's see I didn't pay much attention to that part since I am no longer interested in low-level dungeons, but if I remember correctly, there must be a red bats' dungeon somewhere North of here." Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Ryan knew that there were two dungeons South of Miami, but he couldn't head south yet for obvious reasons. In any case, after moving around for a full day, Ryan eventually found the dungeon hidden in a cemetery. Since the place was quite old, it looked quite scary and creepy, but Ryan didn't feel anything since two hundred golems surrounded him. He used all the mana he recovered during the day to summon them.

"How strange I thought this place would be crowded with monsters I am pretty sure that the dot representing this dungeon was red. Did Alissa clear this dungeon recently?"

Red Bat  Lv 70

Health: 900 /900

Mana: 1200/1200

Stamina: 1000/1000

Strength: 430 (+30)

Dexterity: 650 (+50)

Speed: 500 (+250)

Intelligence: 400 (+50)

Endurance: 350 (+50)

Control: 350 (+50)

Mentality: 550 (+150)

Luck: 150

Recovery: 450 (+100)

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Drain Bite Lv 70

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 80

Spells: Fly Lv 10

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 90, Water Resistance Lv 90, Cold Resistance Lv 90

That was a bit risky since it would increase the monsters' strength, but Ryan will have to cause a dungeon break. He couldn't wait for his monsters to kill 36 red bats per hour in the end, Ryan left his golems at the dungeon entrance and then attacked the crystal from outside by using Force. As expected, the area trembled when the dungeon core was attacked. After a few seconds, thousands of Red Bats appeared to leave the dungeon, but the vast majority got smashed by the golems. Although they were low-level, the difference between a bat and a golem was visible.

"Hehe, this is nice," Ryan grinned while he watched his mana bar getting filled every few seconds and while summoning more golems.

Things got a bit more complicated, and Ryan had to slow down a bit on his summoning when the bosses appeared, but aside from that, he and his golems didn't face many problems. The only real problem that Ryan noticed was that the red bats leveled up four times instead of two after the dungeon break.

"Shit it looks like the more the dungeon breaks happen, the stronger their effects will be," Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. "Perhaps instead of ambitions, Mark's plans are absolutely necessary instead of fast-paced."

Golem  Lv 30

Health: 600/600

Mana: 300/300

Stamina: 600/600

Strength: 450

Dexterity: 100

Speed: 50

Intelligence: 50

Endurance: 500

Control: 250

Mentality: 500

Luck: 100

Recovery: 600

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Earthquake Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 50

Spells: Earth Bullet Lv 50

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 150

Ryan nodded to himself after confirming the strength of his summoned monsters. While a single one of them wouldn't be a threat to another giant, at the very least, they can endure two of their attacks Hopefully. Regardless, while those monsters draw the giant's attention, Ryan will massacre them from another position.

"931 golems I guess this should be enough," Ryan muttered. "If I work fast enough, at the very least, I should be able to kill half of the ordinary giants. As for the armored ones I still need to come up with a plan."

If the worst comes to the worst, Ryan can always use Power of Money, but that was just the easy way out. Regardless, before returning to Miami, Ryan had to check his loot. Since he killed dozens of thousands of Red Bats, the number of crap items lying around was impressive, but unfortunately, not even the bosses dropped anything worthwhile.

Congratulations! The skill Thunder Bullet has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Ice Storm has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Swordsmanship has leveled up.

In the end, instead of selling all of those, Ryan used Deconstruction and leveled up some skills. He could have made a lot more progress in just a few minutes, but he failed at it since he didn't have certain skills. Regardless, now Ryan was more or less ready, and he started to head towards Miami again.

"What the heck" Ryan frowned.

Ryan couldn't help but open his mouth in amazement when he returned to that city. He had made sure to create an underground path in order for his golems not to reveal themselves, but thanks to it, he lost the chance to see the start of a crazy battle Dozens of dragons were attacking the Giants' camp. However, that wasn't the thing he was impressed with. Ryan was impressed by the fact that the armored giants could leap hundreds of meters skyward and punch and kick the dragons faster than they could dodge. As if that wasn't enough, some of them even mounted on the dragons.

From that unexpected position, they could rip apart the dragons' scales and flesh with their bare hands and then grab their hearts even before the dragons could fall. To think that dozens of dragons could be easily killed maybe they weren't at the top of the food chain like Ryan had imagined.

"I have to make use of this" Ryan muttered while smiling from ear to ear.

Ryan couldn't let those armored giants become even stronger by eating dragon hearts, so he had to intervene, and he couldn't have waited for a better chance. All the giants were focused on the dragons, so Ryan managed to make his golems march onward without letting them being noticed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1