Chapter 273: Giants

Chapter 273: Giants

In the end, it looked like things were becoming quite stabilized in America. It was probably because of Alissa and her powers and due to the fact that she isn't stupid like Hector. Regardless, after dealing with the giants, Ryan will have to expand his horizons. Although he could fly and cross the oceans, he decided to check the other extremes of America. Canada still was pretty much unexplored from his viewpoint, just like Central America and South America. Instead of looking for more advanced dungeons in other continents, it was still better to focus on the close opportunities.

"Some of my engineers managed to make this work. You should keep with you," Mark said and then gave Ryan a pretty big cellphone. "It is a cellphone that works using the satellite that we are using. You can't use it all the time, but in case of emergencies, it will be useful."

"All right, though, I can't promise that this won't break too soon," Ryan said. "Monsters are managing to wound me quite often as of late."

"Well, what can I say?" Mark frowned. "You like to test your luck by always fighting alone."

It looked like Mark wanted to give some advice for Ryan, but since he didn't ask for one, Mark stayed quiet. Since their age was similar, Mark and John talked a lot, so he knew more or less about the things Ryan experienced just before the monsters arrived. So, he could understand, to a certain extent, Ryan's actions. That being said, and despite everything, he couldn't imagine Ryan finding anything worthwhile at the end of the path he was following.

"The giants" dungeon is located in Miami," Mark said. "Although those creatures have to deal with dragons pretty often since they fight whenever possible, the megalodons can put up a good fight against them. So, I would advise being patient this time since they are that stronger and their numbers increased with the third dungeon break."

Ryan would be lying if he says that he isn't eager to leave the country and explore places he had never been before while he looks for tier three dungeons, but that excitement won't force him to make some mistakes.

"If that is all, I should get going," Ryan said. "I won't hurry to clear the dungeon, but that doesn't mean I can take my time to reach the place."

In the end, Ryan didn't stay on the base even for a single night. After being helped so many times by someone so much younger, Mark couldn't help but sigh while watching Ryan leave. He was a fine example of youth's audacity, but at the same time, he kind of represented humans' potential. Mark was worried that such potential might be lost due to a part of Ryan's life that was completely unrelated to all his fighting.

As soon as Ryan left the base, he went to grab the clothes he had hidden in a semi-destroyed store. After storing everything inside his ring, Ryan began to run to Southeast.

"I guess Mark wasn't joking about his ambitions. I can't see a single monster in the distance."

In the end, Ryan only found some monsters when he approached Nashville. Since he left the reptilian alone, those idiots now were trying to expand their territory. Ryan easily killed those who blocked his path, but he didn't do more than that. After all, Mark was bold enough to try clear and keep all the dungeons under his control. So, he had better get used to those creatures. Hopefully, he and the others won't draw Echidna's attention and fury, but in the end, it wasn't like humans could choose their enemies.

Ryan arrived in Miami a few hours before sunset of the next day. Much to his surprise, things were much different than he had expected there. The giants did not expand their terrain all that much, and they even created some massive houses using earth magic and plants.

Giant Lv 110

Health: 5.000/5.000

Mana: 1.000/1.000

Stamina: 4.000 /4.000

Strength: 1100 (+350)

Dexterity: 200 (+50)

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 50

Endurance: 1500 (+350)

Control: 100

Mentality: 350 (+50)

Luck: 1000 (+50)

Recovery: 1500 (+450)

Willpower: 350 (+50)

Coins: --

Status:

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bash Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 100, Bronze Skin Lv 100

Spells: Scream Lv 70

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 90, Cold Resistance Lv 90, Pain Resistance Lv 90

The giants were, like Mark mentioned, pretty big humanoid creatures that didn't seem that smart. Their gender could even identify the ordinary ones that Ryan saw since they also were using some plants to hide their genitals. Regardless, the shortest of them was four meters tall, and the tallest was six. They were pretty easy to identify since their hair tone, hairstyle, and even their faces were pretty much different from each other.

"What the hell am I thinking? I just need to know that they are my enemies and their weaknesses. Even if they look like humans, they are essentially invaders."

That being said, hunting them won't be easy because those monsters created some fences around Miami as if they had remarked their backyard. Ryan wondered why they didn't leave their territories to look for food, but after walking around for a while, he found some lizards and fish being grilled in several bonfires. Those were the dragons and megalodons the giants had hunted to eat.

"They really don't feel like moving since they can just hunt the megalodons e dragons when they go at each other. This is really insane" Ryan said, impressed.

It was pretty much obvious that all monsters were in a war against each other at that point in time, but Ryan didn't find a single species that had the nerve to build a camp in a destroyed human city and hunt dragons and megalodons at the same time.

"Well, that works just fine for me. Fighting against several of them isn't possible, but I can snipe them easily by using Force. Let's just hope that the simple plan will work, although most of the time, something unexpected always happens to cause me problems."

Although Ryan had more or less a good idea as to how to proceed, he decided to rest a little and wait for the night. As usual, the attackers always have the defense at night.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1