Chapter 274: Army Of Golems

Chapter 274: Army of golems

Although the giants looked dumb, and Mark said that they were dumb, those creatures at least were smart enough to create several bonfires around Miami, and around those bonfires, Ryan found at least three guards.

"Maybe I should look for a hole in their line of defense."

Ryan did that, but the giants were pretty serious about their defenses. There wasn't a single point in which Ryan could take advantage of. Much to his surprise, instead of finding a weak point on their defenses, he found their strong points. Several armored giants had their camps near the ocean. that was probably for them to fight more often against the megalodons.

Armored Giant Lv 110

Health: 25.000/25.000

Mana: 10.000/10.000

Stamina: 40.000 /40.000

Strength: 2100 (+350)

Dexterity: 300 (+50)

Speed: 300

Intelligence: 150

Endurance: 2500 (+350)

Control: 300

Mentality: 550 (+50)

Luck: 1500 (+50)

Recovery: 3500 (+450)

Willpower: 550 (+50)

Coins: --

Status:

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bash Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Iron Skin Lv 150, Bronze Skin Lv 150

Spells: Scream Lv 100

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 110, Cold Resistance Lv 110, Pain Resistance Lv 110

"The heck they even have bows that fit their size no wonder they can hunt megalodons. I bet the firepower of those is amazing. Too bad the size is just insane."

Ryan had spent too much time studying the enemies. It was time to send them to the next world. In any case, the same strategy he used on the reptilians wouldn't work, even though they had a similar scheme to guard their camp. The main reason was that they were too resilient, so assassinating them using normal means or even magic wasn't possible. However, Ryan knew a way on how to make good use of his pestilence bow and prevent the giants from each guard point from warning the others.

"I just need to attack their throats that way. I will prevent them from making too much noise. The question is: can I attack three different throats and then cause enough damage to kill them before they make a ruckus even without their voice?"

There was only one way to find out Ryan recalled a certain skill that he hadn't used in a while, and in a sense, it was even better than Power Shot to cause damage as fast as possible. It was Rapid Shot.

By focusing only on aiming the monster's throat, Ryan would have a lot more leeway, and the chances of him missing the three attacks will decrease as well. So, he decides to use it.

" I am thinking too much about this if things go wrong, I just have to be faster and change my position. At least at night, I don't have to worry about the worst-case scenario."

To add some more piercing power, Ryan also used Lesser Wind Manipulation and Sting. In the end, a single bolt pierced the throat of his target quite deeply, and three magic projectiles landed on his face. Before Ryan could see the result, he did the same thing two other times, and he couldn't help but frown at what happened.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

All of Ryan's attacks caused critical damage, and even though not even that was enough to kill the giants, the poison the Bleed's effect did the rest of the work in just a few seconds.

"I spent a little more mana than I planned, but I can't complain with those results. Anyway, it has been a while since I enjoyed the combination of my archer's skills with the assassination style."

That combination will never work against the armored giants, but Ryan decided to focus on a single problem at a time.

"No drops, so let's move to the next group." Ryan muttered

Ryan repeated that strategy several times, but in the end, his head kept working to find other means to speed up his hunting speed. Like using steel needles with Telekinesis and using several of them to pierce the giants' heads simultaneously. While that seemed like a good way to finish his job faster, it wouldn't work because the needles would get stuck in the giants' heads, and Ryan could only control so many objects from a certain distance. The limit was probably related to his control, but in the end, Ryan just stuck with the first strategy.

However, around midnight things changed even though Ryan didn't mess up. When he looked to the camp he just cleaned, Ryan saw another group of three giants.

"Shit They take turns on the guard duty. I should have waited a little more" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Those in guard duty changed places around noon and midnight. Ryan didn't see that because he arrived late in the afternoon.

"Crap me and my habit of rushing things," Ryan said after clicking his tongue

Now, completely on alert, even if Ryan successfully killed the giants in silence, the other groups would notice since they were looking toward each other's directions.

Ryan sighed it was a pity, but he will have to change his plans again. Not only that, even with another strategy, attacking that night will be a waste of time. Without any other choice, Ryan decided to retreat several kilometers.

"I can't mess up again before deciding anything, let's see my options here."

His old strategy still could work. Besides, since that kind of fighting style might come in handy again, he decided to keep using the same skills. However, Ryan will need a diversion. After studying his skill list, he found the perfect diversion, his golems. The skill was at level one, and the cost was absurd, but Ryan knew the perfect way to solve those two problems: by clearing a dungeon using only his summoned monsters.

"That is another interesting fighting style that I had always been fond of it weirdly enough, it looks like many classes work well with the sage class."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1