Chapter 271: Heroic Tier

Chapter 271: Heroic Tier

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Improved Speed.

Effect: It passively increases your speed by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Archery.

Effect: Increases damage when using bows and crossbows by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Spearmanship.

Effect: Increases damage when using spears and lances by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Fortunately, all those skills were passive ones. Ryan liked those most because he didn't have to worry about activating or deactivating them during and after the fights. In any case, his guesses hit the mark. Those new skills were just a new tier of the skills he already had, and hopefully, they could stack with the older ones.

"Mission complete now what I should do?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

With those classes, Gonzales and his friends will be able to guard not only this dungeon but probably two others. They had the numbers, after all. Although Ryan felt like clearing other dungeons, he stayed away from the base for two weeks, so maybe it was time to see if Mark had some useful intel. Ryan wasn't much worried about Arthur and Zoe since he used Search and confirmed their safety pretty much whenever possible.

"Maybe I should help Zoe clear those tier three dungeons. Not only will she become more important to the base, but she also will obtain more power to protect herself in case something happens."

"Hey, Ryan," Tristan said. "We finished here. What are you going to do now?"

"That is none of your business," Ryan said.

"Come on, don't be so harsh," Tristan forced a smile. "I think the Colonel wants to talk to you in order to give you a status update of the situation in our country. So, we should head back home together."

Home Ryan would never be able to think of that place as his home. As far as he was concerned, his home had been destroyed the week his parents died. Regardless, Tristan wasn't stupid enough to lie to Ryan, so he decided to return to the base.

"You helped us a lot," Gonzales said. "Thank to you. We took the first step to reclaim our country. I hope to someday to repay the favor."

"I accept coins," Ryan said. "You can repay the favor by giving me coins."

" Once we have some leeway with this new currency, I will make sure to do that," Gonzales hesitated for a second after recalling how useful coins were in this new world.

While everyone was heading to the exit and saying their goodbyes to their new brothers and sisters in arms, Ryan checked the dungeon shop only to restock his supply of potions. After that, he began to fly around using Telekinesis. Ryan intended to use that skill alone to return to the base and perhaps learn Fly, but for some reason, he felt like things wouldn't be that convenient.

"Five million coins, huh," Tristan said with his eyes full of jealously. "Someday, I will buy that tome."

After doing some tests, Ryan confirmed that he was two times slower than when running. That was weird, given that the level of his speed and intelligence were basically the same. Regardless, Daniel and the others managed to catch up to him just by running, thanks to it.

"Who wants to make a bet about who will reach the base first?" Daniel smirked.

"Sounds good to me," Holland nodded.

"So childish" Angela sighed.

Although of they complained, everyone used Dash at the same time to increase their movement speeds. From Ryan's perspective, they were all idiots, but at least they would work as good baits for dragons. That was why Ryan didn't bother trying harder to increase his speed. Unfortunately, despite that, Ryan soon caught up to them.

"Hey, Ryan, that is not fair," Luke protested. "You can't use potions."

"I am not participating in your bullshit and who said that I used potions?" Ryan asked.

"I can fly using Telekinesis just by relying on the level of the skill and my recovery."

"For some reason, that makes me even madder," Luke frowned.

Since they used Dash and didn't hold back, their stamina was empty. In the end, if they tried to out-speed Ryan, their stamina would decrease a lot. However, at the very least, they could move at his flying speed just fine. That was a bit annoying since, from Ryan's perspective, they didn't try as hard as him, but in the end, it made a lot of sense that they had that level of power.

Although his Telekinesis leveled up quite a bit that day and he could continue doing that, Ryan decided to stop after sunset to train his new skills. The number of monsters in the area was lacking thanks to the Chupacabras and Hector, so Ryan's only thing was to destroy some rocks.

"You never stop training, huh," Natalia asked.

"I don't train at least this much every day. Then you are an idiot," Ryan said. "Maybe you don't know, but we are no longer the dominant species of this planet, and the ones at the top of the food chain can eat you in a single bite."

" Why are you always so quick to pick a fight with others?" Natalia asked while trying to control her anger.

"Nah, I am just too sincere," Ryan said. "I would feel bad if I lie or use sarcasm while talking with idiots, they would never know, after all."

"I give up" Natalia said and then sighed. "It is impossible to have a proper talk with this guy."

"You are too impatient, Natalia," Tristan said. "I think your social skills are as rusty as Ryan."

"What did you say?" Natalia glared at her little brother.

Ryan sighed. In the end, his plans to use them as baits to lure some dragons failed, and now, he had to hear all that bull crap.

Class: Hunter Lv 58 (+ 03 UP / Elementalist Lv 53 (+ 03 UP)/ Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 298th

Health: 559/718 (3, 19/s)

Mana: 1045/1500 (3, 19/s)

Stamina: 859/1066 (3,19/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 1121 (+888) (+57)

Speed: 85 (+415) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+412) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+130)

Control: 06 (+439) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 700 (+894) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 4.755.414

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 72 (+ 05 UP), Stamina Drain Lv 01, Concentrated Strike Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Discount Lv 16 (+ 10 UP), Sell Lv 01, Enhanced Concentration Lv 06, Mastery Lv 01, Observation Lv 01, Potential Lv 01, Improved Speed Lv 04, Heroic Archery Lv 04, Heroic Spearmanship Lv 04,

Spells: Ice Storm Lv 16 (+ 15 UP), Telekinesis Lv 36 (+ 05 UP), Strength Augmentation Lv 06, Deconstruction Lv 01, Electric Bullet Lv 01,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 49 (+ 04 UP), Archer Lv 49 (+ 04 UP), Combat Archer Lv 31 (+ 03 UP), Sorcerer Lv 18 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 25 (+ 04 UP), Weapons Master Lv 03,

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1