Chapter 277: Insistence

Chapter 277: Insistence

In the end, Ryan spent one million coins in mana potions to create an army of two thousand golems, the skill really reached level forty, and even his skill Sell leveled up quite a lot. Ryan felt confident in the next fight, but unfortunately, he had to wait for two days before another group of dragons could show up and challenge the giants.

"I wonder why they are so insistent" Ryan frowned. "Is it because the giants would be a pretty big meal for them?"

In any case, Ryan waited until the focus of all giants was on the dragons. However, when he was about to attack, he noticed that something was off only half of the giant archers were firing and hitting the dragons. While the others had their bows equipped, they weren't doing anything.

"I see they must have imagined that since I didn't attack in the last two days, that I would for this kind of chance," Ryan nodded to himself. "They might not be smart, but they aren't brain-dead zombies either."

Since that wouldn't help him decrease the number of enemies, Ryan avoided doing that, but in the end, he decided to use Telekinesis and break the bows of the giants. Although he will lose some time doing that, he will gain time and focus on breaking the weapons of those who were attacking the dragons.

After a while, Ryan had an even better idea why use Telekinesis, a skill that becomes weaker the more distant he is from the target when he could use Power of Money and directly damage the weapons in a much faster manner? Ryan always wondered why the skill could work on things that didn't have health, but he understood everything has health, even magic items, after thinking for a while. Their health just had a different name. It was durable.

"Here I am thinking of another way to rely on Power of Money" Ryan sighed. "Well, let's just accept that obediently since I can't let my pride make me waste time. Besides, I am losing coins to use that skill. That is more than enough punishment for my incompetence."

The giants frowned when the strings of their bows suddenly started to snap at a stupidly fast speed. Instead of repairing them, they tried to grab their reserves' weapons, but Ryan destroyed those two. To make the monsters even more shocked, Ryan gave the order for the golems to march, and when his monsters appeared in the distance, all the giants began to run toward them.

"They divided the work the bosses will take care of the dragons, and the ordinary monsters will take care of the golems," Ryan muttered. "They probably realized as well that the longer the fight lasts, the more of them I will kill."

Just like before, Ryan made his golems fire Earth Bullets toward the giants. However, this time, they didn't try to protect their faces from the attacks. They accepted all the damage caused by the golems. However, when Ryan started to use his crossbow, the monsters began to grab the bolts with their bare hands. They suffered some damage, and the effects of poison and bleed were working, but Ryan's raw power had decreased quite a lot.

"Shit" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. "Try to grab this, you damned monster!"

The fight between giants and golems started. As expected. His monsters were enduring a bit more. So, Ryan used that chance to charge a Power Shot. While he was trying to kill as many giants as possible with a single strike, he was also for something else, and that something else happened when he fired.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

Dozens of giants died, and a cloud of dust was raised due to the explosion. That was what Ryan had been waiting for. With their vision diminished thanks to the dust, Ryan managed to hit the giants, and they didn't have the chance to block his bolts. For a while, Ryan managed to massacre the giants freely, but soon something weird happened. While mounting two dragons, two armored giants left the battle in the sky and approached the place where Ryan's golems were. One of those fucking monsters made the dragon land in the middle of the golem's army, killing dozens of them. Meanwhile, the other followed the direction the bolts were coming from.

"Come, dumbass," Ryan smirked. "I have a present for you."

Ryan made sure to fire a few more bolts to show the armored giant where he was, but then he stopped and began to charge another Power Shot. When the boss and the dragon reached the rocks, Ryan was using them as a cover. His attack welcomed them. In the end, the armored giant forcefully made the dragon move its neck to intercept the bolt. Although the attack lost a lot of power, the dragon still was killed, and the armored giant still got hit by the energy and was sent flying several meters backward.

You received 35.963 coins.

The number of coins Ryan received was low, but that didn't bother him. Instead of that, he nocked his Paralyzing Spear on the Sagittarians' bow and prepared to finish off the fucking armored giant. When the creature recovered from the impact, Ryan already had ten seconds charged Power Shot ready to be fired. Without any ceremony, he fired.

You obtained 45.269 coins.

The giant's head exploded when Ryan fired. In any case, the creature died, but Ryan received a lot more coins than he had expected those extras were probably the coins the monster obtained by damaging the dragon.

When the giants saw one of their bosses being killed, they stopped their charge for a few seconds. It looked like it had been the first time they saw one of them being easily killed like that. Although Ryan couldn't say that it had been easy

Regardless, there was no need to rely on stealth. Ryan had been found so that he could go all out. After recovering his Paralyzing Spear, Ryan nocked the weapon on his bow and prepared to decimate many more giants with a single attack he had to hurry because the number of dragons was quickly decreasing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1