Chapter 287: Seal Tome

Chapter 287: Seal tome

The smell of ground and vegetation was getting quite intense even while Ryan and Furball were underground, so he hurried to find the exit. Much faster than he had expected, Ryan and Furball reached the empty lake, and at the center of it, a few kilometers away from their position, they saw the dungeon.

Ryan smirked, but then the smirk disappeared when some acid droplets fell on his shoulders. The massive scope of Acid Rain was quite troublesome Ryan and Furball hurried to the dungeon, and even though they tried to be as quiet as possible, the bosses eventually discovered what Ryan was planning. The Acid Rain lost a lot of power, and then Acid Bullets started to be fired toward them.

"Too late for that," Ryan said, and then he entered the dungeon.

Although Ryan used some potions, his stock still was at a pretty decent level. He headed toward the dungeon because he would limit the Jellyfish attacks' range and if they are stupid enough to enter the dungeon Ryan will explode them all.

"Go play with the monsters that will spawn," Ryan said to Furball. "Attack them before they attack you I guess I didn't have to say something so obvious."

Furball barked and then headed toward the end of the dungeon. Ryan could tell thanks to Radar that the place was empty, so his new partner won't have a lot of trouble completing his mission.

A bit sooner than Ryan had predicted, the bosses showed up, and much to Ryan's disappointment, they really tried to enter the dungeon. Their level of intelligence was really low Regardless, Ryan bombarded the monsters with Thunder Arrow and his poisoned bolts. In the blink of an eye, they started to die in the droves. However, there was one problem

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up!

When the monsters died, their bodies exploded into acidic liquid everything around it started to melt. The smell was quite intense, to the point where Ryan barely could stop his eyes from spinning.

"I guess breathing toxic gas is another way of getting poisoned" Ryan said and then jumped backward to avoid the gas.

Although the smell seemed dangerous, the bosses had become easy prey for Ryan. They looked really desperate for some reason as if they wanted to prevent Ryan from using the purple crystal. Regardless, Ryan used that chance to keep attacking them without a care.

Eventually, Ryan was forced to use Wind Manipulation to prevent the dungeon from getting filled by that toxic air. Ryan's consumption of mana increased, but not to the point where things got complicated. He still had some mana potions stored, after all.

In the end that fight had only been mentally tiring because Ryan had to kill the monsters one by one. The fight ended around noon, and after cleaning the dungeon's air, Ryan permitted himself to lie his back against the dungeon's wall.

"That was more tiring than I expected," Ryan sighed.

Ryan still had a lot more of tiring things to do, like collect and organizing the loot between the things that he could sell and the things he could use Deconstruction. Although that was also enjoyable

"Regardless, to think that I reached a point where I can defeat tier two bosses in a few seconds," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "All that hard work finally paid off."

There was no mistaking that Ryan had came a long way, but he wasn't satisfied yet. In any case, instead of thinking about things like that, Ryan hurried to finish that job. Since the monsters were only tier two, they didn't drop anything worthwhile. In the end, Ryan sold most of the things. However, now he had more than eleven million coins.

"Aside from this fight, the last few days have been kind of slow," Ryan said. "I guess I should use this chance to learn some useful skill and make it level up."

The normal choice would be to learn some elemental creation finally, but Ryan wasn't quite sure if he would be able to implement that to increase his firepower. Even if he could, there was no telling if using mana to add some elemental property to his attacks would be more efficient than using mana to restore his stamina and thus make his Power Shot be charged for longer.

"Mmm maybe I should see if there are some tomes that can teach me how to enchant my weapons with acid," Ryan nodded to himself while rubbing his chin. "While some skills and weapons have the effect of decreasing status, most of them can't also cause damage like acid."

Although they were only tiered two monsters, the Jellyfish caused Ryan a lot of trouble. To the point where Ryan considered learning from them. Besides, if he finds another enemy that causes that kind of skill, things will work better for him since he will have the chance to increase his resistance to those attacks.

"Here is Lesser Acidic Enchantment," Ryan said. "One hundred thousand coins, it isn't so bad, but holy crap, the advanced versions of the skill cost ten times more."

Ryan could buy Minor Acidic Enchantment and Acidic Enchantment. They cost one million and ten million coins respectively. That was insane most likely, if there was some sort of High Acidic Enchantment, it will cost him one hundred million coins.

"There is no way I will spend so many coins in a skill that consumes mana," Ryan shrugged. "Wait a minute what is this?"

Seal Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to seal the defeated foes' soul in items and grant them special attributes and effects.

Cost: 50 mana

Price: 10.000.000 coins.

Maybe spending so many coins on active skills wasn't a waste of time and coins, but then that tome made Ryan recall that Katelyn had that power, but she didn't say that her skill could do something like that. Did she lie? Why? There was a chance that Ryan brought someone very dangerous to the base

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1