Chapter 286: Unpleasant Surprise

Chapter 286: Unpleasant Surprise

After thinking for a while, Ryan noticed that the Jellyfish and the smiles were pretty similar. Although he never saw that, it wouldn't surprise him if the slimes can also absorb each other and become a slime boss.

Putting such thoughts aside, Ryan was planning to explode the lake with his Power Shot. Since the monsters were underwater, it was the only thing he could do. However, he will have to charge for several seconds because he couldn't use Paralyzing Spear. If Ryan uses it, the weapon will definitely break since he was planning to charge his attack for like fifteen minutes.

"I don't have any other choice since things might get messy if too many of them survive, and they use Acid Rain," Ryan nodded to himself. "I might be able to survive the attack by using Earth Manipulation, but even so, that will completely destroy this whole area."

It would be too much of a waste to see that place get destroyed. Besides, Ryan wanted to level up Power Shot as much as possible, and there were no better conditions to do that aside from charging the skill for a long time and then hitting several clustered high-level monsters.

"Just you wait, fucking bitch," Ryan smirked, imagining his attack exploding Lilith to pieces. "The next time I see you, I will make my most powerful attack explode your ass why did I say that?"

Ryan shook his head to focus and then started to concentrate. Although the chances of him missing the targets were zero, there is no telling what might happens once the fight starts, so the perfect moment to enter in the battle mode was now.

Ryan started to charge his attack, and as expected, after ten minutes, his crossbow began to lose a lot of durabilities. Ryan used Repair, but in the end, he couldn't help but feel a bit annoyed since he wanted to use his mana to recover as much stamina as possible.

Eventually, even Ryan began to suffer damage when his Power Shot reached the level in which he wanted. There was too much energy infused in a single crossbow, and the energy was starting to dissipate thanks to that unfortunately, it looked like that was Ryan's limit.

"Shit a lot of this power will also be absorbed by the water," Ryan sighed. "Well, it can't be helped"

When Ryan fired, his body was sent flying backward while spinning at terrific speeds. In the end, he almost passed out since the force of the attack had been insane. Still, he recovered in time to see that lake getting hit and creating a hole in the water for a few moments. After that, a huge cloud of steam flew upward.

You obtained 1900 coins.

You obtained 1900 coins.

You obtained 1900 coins.

They really were low-level creatures. At best, Ryan will find a tier-two dungeon inside the lake. Regardless, a good part of his attack made the water evaporate, and the impact caused a tsunami that spread the remaining water. Ryan couldn't help but frown since he didn't think his attack had that much firepower. But in the end, everything became clear thousands of those massive beasts were lying at the bottom of the lake, and they had consumed most of the water. What Ryan saw before was just a few meters wide layers of water.

"This is worse than I thought" Ryan frowned.

Ryan had no idea how many he killed with that attack, but many of the Elder Jellyfish were still alive. From a safe distance, he began to fire his poisoned bolts, and he resumed the killing. However, at the same time, the monsters also fired the Acid Bullets toward him somehow, they had the same range as for Ryan.

"You have got to be kidding me," Ryan said.

Although Ryan could see the projectiles that would and wouldn't hit him, it was the first time that he found a creature that could attack him from one kilometer away. Moreover, they could attack while they moved toward him. Immediately, Ryan sent his army of golems toward the beasts. It seemed like while he stays on the ground level, the bosses won't try to fly high, and his assumptions were correct. Eventually, his five hundred golems intercepted the monsters and slowed them down. However, when the bosses died, their corrosive liquid damaged quite a lot, even the golems.

"I can't use Power Shot my golems will get caught in the damage," Ryan said. "Let's see if those monsters are smarter than the ordinary ones."

Ryan made poisoned bolts rain down on the bosses until his last golem fell. They lasted only for a couple of minutes, but Ryan killed many times more bosses than golems fell. Even so, he didn't have any other choice but to retreat when Acid Bullets started to rain down around here.

"Let's go, Furball," Ryan said. "It is time for more kitting."

While running, Ryan made sure to keep the distance between him and the monsters. Even while running and firing, he was faster, but if he gains some distance, the bosses might get impatient and use Acid Rain. They didn't look like creatures that could show such complicated emotions, but no one could tell.

Ryan ran around the empty lake, hoping that the monsters would keep chasing him like stupid unicellular creatures. They did it for a while, but eventually, they understood what Ryan was planning. The bosses stopped moving and just pointed their bodies upward. As if they were machines that were connected by the same computer, they started to spit acid upwards much faster than any machine-gun.

The inevitable happened, but Ryan made sure to slay dozens of the bosses before the effects of Acid Rain could finally take place. Flying above the attack's range will only make Ryan spend too much mana, so he only created a hole with Earth Manipulation and then disappeared from the bosses' sight. If that plan would work or not, not even Ryan could tell.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1