Chapter 280: Class: Sentinel

Chapter 280: Class: Sentinel

When the fight ended, Ryan let himself fall to the ground. He was exhausted. The fight had been that difficult. Despite that, that feeling of lightness still was around, making me feel pretty good.

While Ryan enjoyed that feeling, he decided to give a brief summary of what happened to Mark. He wouldn't go back after receiving his next class. He will go further south to check how things were in other countries. Much to his surprise, the very moment he took the cellphone from his ring, it started to ring.

"You don't even have the decency to pretend that you didn't watch everything, huh?" Ryan asked.

"I thought you would feel even more annoyed if I pretended," Mark said. "Regardless, it looks like you have some problems, but, in the end, things worked out for you. Congratulations.

"Spare me of your praise. I am going to pass you the data I got about the monsters," Ryan said. "Sometime later, I will tell you about the classes."

"Understood, do you intend to leave some golems behind to keep the giants in check?" Mark asked.

"I guess I will do that," Ryan replied.

"Now about your next destination, do you have a place in mind you want to go?" Mark asked.

"No, I will just follow the West coast of the continent and deal with whatever monster I find along the way while I look for the tier three dungeons," Ryan said.

"Do you want to leave a message to anyone?" Mark asked.

"No," Ryan said.

"Is that so" Mark said. "Well, if you don't mind, I would like to contact you once a week to hear about the things you find along the way."

"I don't like to repeat myself, but I don't intend to give information for free," Ryan said.

"Don't worry. I will make sure to save your payment. You have my word," Mark said. "I am sure you will return eventually."

After saying that, Mark ended the call. Although that was a bit annoying, in the end, he was right. Eventually, Ryan will have to check things on the base. Despite the fact that he could check things on Zoe and Arthur with Search, he couldn't interfere from a distance, and he wasn't stupid enough to rely on Alissa for that.

Regardless, Ryan got up and started to look for loot amidst the battlefield. While Ryan was walking around the corpses, he thought that he had come a long way since everything started. In the beginning, he wondered if he was adapting too fast, but after three months, he could walk around dozens of corpses without thinking too much about it. He learned that there was no need to mourn the death of his enemies, even more so when he had been the one who took their lives.

Many items were dropped, but only two daggers picked Ryan's interest. They were the most powerful items he had obtained from the fight, but what grabbed his attention was the fact that a thin chain linked them.

Cursed Daggers

Effect: When attacking the same opponent over and over again, these daggers can decrease their agility permanently. The effect will last until the foe is killed or the foe manages to escape the user's sight.

Speed + 50, Dexterity + 50

Durability: 80/80

"Interesting" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I was really looking forward to obtaining a useful knife since I didn't level up Knife Mastery many times. Still, this is much better than I asked for."

After organizing the loot, selling the things that he didn't need, and using Deconstruct on those which could be used to some extent, Ryan entered the dungeon. In comparison to the previous dungeon in which he entered alongside others, Ryan didn't feel nervous or worried this time. It looked like the fighting experience was starting to change him although Ryan imagined that would happen, he didn't expect it would happen so soon.

"I'd better not get carried away," Ryan muttered. "There is no telling if those annoying thoughts won't return if someone kicks my ass again."

In any case, Ryan didn't find a single boss inside the dungeon. The giants spawned now and then, but they were no longer a threat to Ryan. Alone, they had never been a threat.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Royal Knight, Sentinel, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"My guess was correct the fact those three classes are different from the other tier three dungeons is also good. Well, now the real problem. Which class should I choose?"

At that point in time, Ryan was only asking for the sake of asking. Even though he might consider his options, he knew himself very well to know the path that he will choose. Ryan needed more raw power whenever he thought of that, he recalled that scene where Lilith grabbed his arrow with such ease. Although he wasn't getting that annoyed anymore just by thinking about it, it didn't mean that he didn't care about it.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Sentinel!

You obtained the following skills: Charge Trap, Summon Warg, and Awareness.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Charge Trap.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a magic trap that becomes more powerful over time. The damage will be equal to your intelligence plus the value in seconds in which the trap stayed hidden. The trap can be charged up to the skill level x 20.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Warg.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an ancient species of wolf known for their loyalty toward their masters and ferocity when fighting to protect them. Attention! You can only summon a single wolf, and the beast can grow stronger the more it fights. Every time the Warg is killed, they won't be able to be summoned for the next 24 hours, and five points will decrease all status. The more the skill level up, the time of the cooldown will decrease.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Awareness.

Effect: It makes you aware when someone is watching you while trying to hide their presence. The range of the skill is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten in meters.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Those are some interesting skills," Ryan frowned even though he felt satisfied.

Ryan recalled that there was a game in which he replied in the past that one of the archer classes could summon wargs and use them for mobility and combat, but he didn't expect to one day have such skill. Moreover, unlike any other summoning skill, Ryan could only summon the same creature over and over again with that one.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1