Chapter 282: New Survivors

Chapter 282: New Survivors

For some reason, Ryan didn't find a single dungeon on his way while he crossed the entire west coast of Mexico. The type of monsters wasn't that diverse either it was hard to know if it was due to the number of dungeons in the country that seemed to be low or if it was due to the damage caused by the Chupacabras. While Ryan was wondering about that, the cellphone Mark gave him started to ring. Mark sure was inpatient for a man of his age

"What?" Ryan asked.

"It looks like you found a new friend Ryan," Alissa said. "We can see that you two are pretty close even though you know each other for such a short time."

Ryan's head began to hurt since it looked like Alissa was trying really hard not to burst into laughter. Regardless, to think that Mark would keep an eye on him even this far no, by using the satellite, he probably could see everything happening in the whole continent. The problem was the time he was waiting.

"What do you want, Alissa?" Ryan asked. "I don't have time to talk nonsense."

"Really? You look pretty much free right now," Alissa said. "You are quite weird; how can you be only nice to kids and animals. Are you really that lonely?"

"Yeah, I am lonely. I feel so lonely just like everyone who looked at your chest chopping board," Rya said.

"WHAT DID YOU SAY?" Alissa howled, and Ryan ended the call.

Since Alissa didn't have anything to say, Ryan didn't feel like hearing her crap. Regardless, Ryan decided to store his cellphone on the storage ring for a few days in order to avoid Alissa.

Around noon of the next day, Ryan reached Guatemala's territory, and at that moment, he was one hundred percent sure that something was off with the Megalodons. He didn't find a single one of them that was too odd.

"I don't know if this is bad or good, but not knowing why those beasts aren't appearing is unsettling," Ryan said while facing Furball.

Ryan soon had to forget about that because something weird was also happening on land. He thought he would find many more monsters while he heads to the South, but his guesses were completely off the mark. Moreover, when he found a dungeon on his way, he also found a camp and a group of four survivors around it. Two men and two women.

"Well, now what should I do?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

While it wasn't that shocking that some countries and their citizens managed to survive this far, that wasn't the real question. Thanks to his high dexterity, Rya could see from pretty far away, so he found the dungeon and the survivors, but they had no idea that someone was approaching. Should Ryan talk with them in order to obtain Intel, or should he just do the usual and find the answers he wanted on his own? That caused some issues when he was hunting the Chupacabras

"I don't have many good experiences while interacting with people I don't know since the monsters appeared," Ryan frowned. "But I guess I just need to be careful."

Ryan used Appraisal and confirmed that those survivors had only six classes, and most of the skills didn't reach level thirty. While that was disappointing, it seemed pretty normal considering that they were guarding a dungeon. From an ordinary standpoint, Ryan was the weird one. He had four times more classes than most people, and his main skill already reached level 75

"Well, you stay behind just in case, Furball," Ryan said. "There is a chance that they don't know that humans can tame and summon monsters so that they might misunderstand us together."

Furball protested by whipping for a while, but in the end, he obeyed Ryan and stayed behind. After that, Ryan also stored his magic items inside his storage ring, and now he was wearing just chainmail, his sprinter boots. His only weapon was an ordinary steel sword which he made by using Earth Transformation.

Ryan just walked toward the camp normally, and when he was more or less fifty meters away from it, those four finally noticed his presence and pointed their weapons at him. As expected, they frowned when they saw a man alone approaching their base, but they didn't lower their guard. A dark-haired woman who had a small scar on her cheek said something, but Ryan had no idea what she said. Even in the apocalypse, the language barrier was a problem.

"Sorry, I only speak English." Ryan forced a smile.

"Are you American?" The woman asked with a frown. "Why did you come here? What is your goal?"

"I have some relatives in Brazil, so I have been traveling to reach that country for a while," Ryan told the made-up story he had prepared in advance. "I just came to ask a few things; I will leave soon."

"What do you want to know?" The blond-haired woman asked.

Ryan was caught off guard when he heard that. Since the woman and her friends looked pretty on guard, the usual answer would be to tell him to scram.

"My goal is to reach Brazil, but I need to be careful since I am alone," Ryan replied. "At the same time, I need strength, and well, I wanted to like the best route to cross your country and if there is an easy dungeon nearby in which I can clear."

"We can't sell that kind of information since it is directly related to the safety of our country," the woman said. "However, you can buy that information from our leader if he thinks you are trustworthy enough."

Finding another person to look for Intel a d buying information. Ryan had never been at the end of that exchange, but there was a first time for everything. However, for some reason, Ryan was feeling a bit worried when he heard about those guys' leaders.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1