Chapter 283: Auto Farm

Chapter 283: Auto Farm

"All right, where can I find your leader?" Ryan asked while looking around.

"Don't worry, someone will take you to our capital when the time comes," the woman said. "Tomorrow, someone will come to get the loot that we obtained, and you can go with them."

Ryan sighed when he heard that. He didn't feel like waiting that long. Besides, why would that woman be willing to help so easily when she never asked his name? That was just too suspicious.

In the end, Ryan smiled, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared. While the woman and her friends were panicking, Ryan finally returned to where he left Furball.

"Screw it, as if I have time to waste dealing with this bullshit," Ryan said. "I guess I will just fly above the country."

Given how good his current eyesight was, Ryan probably could find the best routes and the dungeons' location by flying a few kilometers above the ground. That part of the continent wasn't that big, after all. Ryan probably could investigate and check the territory of the whole country in just a few hours.

Although some tier two classes could be a fine addition to his list, Ryan was fully aware that he couldn't just invade those to get new classes. Not only he will make some humans as his enemies, but it was kind like invading someone's house, opening the fridge, and then stole some soda. The people from Guatemala worked hard to obtain control over the dungeons, so they had the right to decide who can use their dungeons.

Despite the fact that Furball had grown quite a bit in the last few days, with his current powers, Ryan could use Telekinesis just fine to make him and Furball flying without worrying about mana. In any case, while flying above the country for a few hours, Ryan learned that most cities had been completely annihilated with the exception of their capital and had been abandoned. Despite that, the number of monsters running around was really low. The reasons were, Guatemala only had ten dungeons, and all of them were under the control of a group of at the very least six survivors.

"That is the basic formation, after all," Ryan nodded to himself. "Still, it is a pity that they don't have tier three dungeons here. Even their classes are classes that I already have or have no use for."

His reconnaissance being over, Ryan hurried to move forward down south. For some reason, something has been bothering him, but Ryan couldn't quite pinpoint what that was. Perhaps it was about the leader the black-haired woman mentioned in any case, Ryan eventually left Guatemala behind and proceeded to walk again after he made sure that their dungeons were several dozens of kilometers behind him.

Although that wasn't his area of expertise, Ryan had a pretty good memory, so he knew which countries he would find on his path. The next one had been El Salvador, a pretty small country, and due to its size, Ryan only found three dungeons there. However, he didn't find a single survivors camp or any sign of them. The dragons and monsters had decimated the cities of the country. If some people survived until now, they were pretty hidden. Seeing that the chances of the entire population of that country have been killed made was pretty high, Ryan felt his heart growing colder. Perhaps it was time for some monster hunting

"I think you have working pretty hard, Furball," Ryan said while looking at the Velociraptors, Giant Bees, and Red Bats below. "You deserve a reward it is time for a feast."

Ryan used Flame Arrows, Electric Bullets, and Frozen Arrows left and right to massacre the monsters in front of him. They died without even noticing what killed them. Although it would take too long to clear even low-tiered dungeons that broke three times, Ryan needed information. He needed to know what status each type of monster would give to Furball. Fortunately, he was omnivorous, so he could see pretty much anything which was kind of scary.

Another thing Ryan could do was to train some skills passively. Training Summon Golem was pretty easy since those creatures didn't have to eat, and they were quite sturdy. While Ryan massacred the monsters, his mana was being recovered pretty fast, so he used that to summon some golems.

"Auto Farm, huh," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "This isn't so bad."

The only problem with that auto farm was that Ryan could only gain experience in some skills and classes. There was no loot and coins. Regardless, while frowning at Furball's seemingly infinite appetite, Ryan learned that Velociraptors could increase his strength, Giant Bees could increase his speed, and Red Bats could increase his pet's mentality. Without thinking too much about it, Ryan made Furball focus on eating the Giant Bees.

"Eat and grow strong," Ryan said while patting his head. "Someday, you will help me move around at fearsome speeds. I also can't have you die often, so let's find a monster that can increase your endurance and health after this."

It was weird, but Ryan noticed that he wasn't feeling so anxious to fight and find tougher opponents anymore. Furball was having a positive effect on him, but Ryan also noticed that his demeanor changed a bit during the fights with the giants. Almost dying with a single attack affected him in a weird manner.

Regardless, after letting Furball fill his belly nonstop for an entire night, Ryan and he proceeded to move South after leaving an army of one thousand golems behind to slay some monsters. He was fully aware that they wouldn't exterminate all the creatures. In fact, the bosses will wipe out his army in a few days, but in the end, Ryan couldn't waste more time in there. Things can change at any minute, and a source of valuable intel might disappear or die at any minute, after all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1