Chapter 285: Golden Shield

Chapter 285: Golden Shield

Just as Ryan had imagined, the poison didn't work on those monsters. However, they were weak. Only two of his crossbows were enough to make them go kaboom. The creatures he killed exploded, and the liquid inside their bodies spread around. Also, just like Ryan had expected, the liquid was highly corrosive. It even melted the ground to some extent and knocked down some trees.

"Maybe if I freeze them, you can eat them as ice-cream, so don't lose your hope yet, Furball," Ryan said while he was firing his bolts like a machine-gun.

You obtained 85 coins.

You obtained 85 coins.

You obtained 85 coins.

Ryan hoped that the corrosive liquid would make other Jellyfish explode, but unfortunately, that never happened. In the end, after Ryan just killed the fiftieth monster, they finally found the direction the attacks were coming from and thus headed toward Ryan.

"Mmm maybe I should have put some traps or summoned some golems to hold them back a little," Ryan thought. "Oh, well, they are slow. I can outspeed them with ease."

When the monsters got close enough, they started to fire their Acidic Bullets. Ryan blocked them all with his shield and managed to return some of the monsters' damage and make them suffer some damage, slowing them down even further. However, he wouldn't be able to that for long.

Spiked Golden Shield

Effect: Reflects three percent of the damage back to the enemy. Health + 50, Endurance + 40

Durability: 155/200

"It is losing a lot of durabilities pretty fast" Ryan muttered. "It can't be helped."

Ryan stored his shield away and grabbed Furball under his left arm. He turned around while attacking the Jellyfish that was heading toward him. Suddenly, one of his bolts hit an Acid Bullet, the projectile was destroyed, but some liquid fell on Ryan's shoulders. His health decreased by twenty points, and his endurance and mentality also decreased a little bit.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acid Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the damage caused by all acid-type attacks by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"I should have known that this type of attack would have this kind of effect," Ryan said and then hissed in pain. "It is temporary, but still who could have thought only two droplets could cause so much pain."

Obviously, it was due to his extreme offensive build. In any case, Ryan used Flash to gain some distance over the monsters, and then he resumed his attack. After retreating several times, Ryan decided that it was time to change his strategy. Turning around every single time always make him lose too much time.

The next time Ryan decided to use Flash, he just moved his eyes a little to the side and then reappeared on the left side of that group of monsters. This time his actions had been less obvious, so the creatures had no idea where he went.

Ryan used that change to charge a Power Shot. Although the monsters eventually found him due to the change in the air caused by the concentration of energy, it was already too late when they did. Ryan fired his bolt, and hundreds of those monsters died. He hurried to make good use of all that extra mana by summoning golems, but as expected, a lot of energy was wasted.

"Something is off" Ryan muttered while frowning. "I am pretty close to the lake, so why the bosses didn't come yet?"

Ryan continued to massacre the Jellyfish, but in the end, he eventually won. Now that he thought about it, the number of monsters around the lake was too small, considering that three dungeon breaks happened, and they have been spawning for three months straight.

"I don't like this" Ryan said.

Ryan killed around two thousand monsters, it wasn't a small number, but it wasn't impressive either what had happened to the others? Based on his calculations, the dungeons must have spawned around one hundred thousand Jellyfish without considering the dungeon breaks.

When Ryan approached the lake again, he saw some Jellyfish leaving and assuming their positions around it. Although that behavior wasn't odd since he saw several monsters guarding the territory around the dungeons, the Jellyfish were too dumb for that. Ryan killed thousands of them without worrying about his safety for a single second, after all.

"Should I just wait and see, or should I keep attacking?" Ryan asked. "With this spawning speed, the attack is just a waste of time, so I guess I will wait. Meanwhile, I will summon golems in case something unexpected happens."

Although it seemed kind of like a waste, Ryan decided to be patient. After all, even information about weird monsters' weird behavior could come in handy in the future. Given that he couldn't find any monster aside from the Jellyfish in that area, Ryan had another reason to keep an eye on them.

Fortunately, Ryan's patience paid off much sooner than he had imagined. The next day around six in the morning, something weird happened in that lake. All the water started to shine, and after being bathed by that light for a few seconds, the Jellyfish began to fuse with each other. The seven hundred Jellyfish that spawned since the time he began to watch them disappear, and thirty-five bigger monsters could be found in their places.

Elder Jellyfish Lv 125

Health: 5.000/5.000

Mana: 5.000/5.000

Stamina: 5.000 /5.000

Strength: 400 (+150)

Dexterity: 500 (+150)

Speed: 400

Intelligence: 1500 (+350)

Endurance: 500

Control: 400

Mentality: 1500 (+350)

Luck: 900 (+250)

Recovery: 600 (+250)

Willpower: 1500 (+350)

Coins: --

Status:

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 90, Concentration Lv 90

Spells: Acidic Bullet Lv 130, Acidic Explosion Lv 150, Corrosive Touch Lv 120, Acid Rain Lv 150

Support Skills: Water Resistance Lv 120, Cold Resistance Lv 120, Earth Resistance Lv 120

After checking their statuses, Ryan noticed that they became bosses. To think that monsters could do that Regardless, soon after the light disappeared, the monsters jumped into the lake.

"So, they are there, huh," Ryan smirked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1