Chapter 284: Next Plans

Chapter 284: Next plans

In just half an hour, Ryan crossed Honduras. Since he didn't find any new type of monster running around, he also concluded that he wouldn't find anything in there. However, when he was about to move to Nicaragua, his cellphone started to ring. Hesitantly, Ryan accepted the call.

"Who is it?" Ryan asked.

"It is me I apologize," Mark said. "It looks like I caused you some problems without knowing."

"Without knowing, you say" Ryan frowned.

"Yes. Alissa asked me to use the satellite for a while, and so I let her," Mark explained. "Something came up, and I had to leave in the room alone. Later, she explained what she did."

"Whatever just go straight to the point," Ryan said.

In the end, Mark wanted to know more details about the classes Ryan found in the giants' dungeon. At the same time, he wanted to know where he was and about the things he found along the way. Since that was something Ryan had to do once a week and he eventually would be paid for it, he decided to tell him the details.

"So, you found some survivors in Guatemala, and apparently, they managed to guard all the dungeons," Mark said, apparently interested in the subject. "Although they have few dungeons, maybe we can create an alliance with them, alongside with the Mexicans."

"You will have to find someone else to do the mediating job," Ryan said. "Besides, I would recommend sending some guys to collect intel about the place while they remain hidden. Something looked fishy there."

"Is that so?" Mark said. "If you think we should be careful with some reason, maybe we should just wait and see for the time being."

"Anything new on your end?" Ryan asked while massaging his eyebrows. "If a tier-three dungeon appears in our territory, I want to know immediately."

"I will inform you if that happens. However, only tier one dungeons have been appearing since we started to monitor the dungeons," Mark explained.

That was weird in any case, Mark didn't want to take too much more of Ryan's time, so he ended the call there. Although Ryan was making that trip around the American continent, he realized that he wouldn't find many answers. As far as he was concerned, at best, he will learn how some countries fared when the monsters arrived. However, anything related to the system was something beyond him.

"It looks like that after this trip, my next mission will be to exterminate all the monsters of a foreigner world completely," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I need to understand more the power of the bosses and that dungeon's blessing."

After making a mental note about that, Ryan resumed his journey. Although he thought he wouldn't find anything during that day as well, Ryan's assumptions were off the mark. He found a lake on his path, and around it, he also found some weird monsters that he never saw before.

Jellyfish Lv 95

Health: 1.000/1.000

Mana: 1.000/1.000

Stamina: 1.000 /1.000

Strength: 200 (+50)

Dexterity: 300 (+50)

Speed: 200

Intelligence: 500

Endurance: 300

Control: 200

Mentality: 500 (+250)

Luck: 600 (+150)

Recovery: 200 (+250)

Willpower: 500 (+250)

Coins: --

Status:

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 70, Concentration Lv 70

Spells: Acidic Bullet Lv 100, Acidic Explosion Lv 100, Corrosive Touch Lv 10

Support Skills: Water Resistance Lv 90, Cold Resistance Lv 90, Earth Resistance Lv 90

For some reason, those Jellyfish-like monsters were flying around the lake. It wasn't like Ryan had imagined that they wouldn't be able to live outside water, but he still found it weird. Regardless, despite the fact that their statuses weren't impressive, the fact that they were like three meters long and tall was pretty impressive and fearsome. The skills they had were also worrisome.

"The forest around the lake is quite dense, so I can't find their dungeon," Ryan muttered. "Still, would their dungeon be localized outside water? Although Sahuagins could walk just fine inland, their dungeon was also pretty close to a lake could it be is their dungeon underwater?"

Ryan's head began to hurt just by thinking how difficult it would be to clear an underwater dungeon. Maybe if he obtains certain classes, it will become feasible, but Ryan had no confidence in pulling that off even with his current skills and statuses. For obvious reasons, clearing such a dungeon will be even harder than defeating Chupacabras and giants.

"There is a first time for everything in any case, I should decrease their numbers from a safe position for the time being," Ryan said. "They can fly, so I don't have any advantage in the air."

Ryan had no idea if he would get a tier three-class by clearing that dungeon, but he still wanted to clear it. Why? Because it was a worthy challenge. Until now, he always fought while trying to find the best conditions for him, but now he probably won't be able to find those conditions. Still, he couldn't let the population of those monsters continue to grow non-stop.

"I don't think poison will work on those" Ryan frowned while he was creating a vantage point using Earth Manipulation. "Still, the speed and power of the crossbow will help me here. The real question is: can you that kind of monster, Furball?"

Furball barked as if he was saying yes in any case when the Jellyfish die, they will probably explode since they had that skill. So, most likely, Furball will have to lick their remaining on the ground. Hopefully, the liquid won't damage him, and even if it does, he will obtain resistance to acid. Ryan also needed that skill

"I guess both of us are going to have a hard time here," Ryan patted Furball's head. "Hopefully, all this annoyance will be worth the hassle."

After that, Ryan began to concentrate, and when his concentration reached its peak, he started the massacre.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1