Chapter 281: A Real Friend

Chapter 281: A real friend

As if the skill didn't have a weird enough description and effect, when Ryan summoned his Warg, he only saw a wolf that looked only a few months old. The monster had white and blue fur, and it seemed kind of cool with its blue eyes. However, it didn't seem like a powerful creature that could be used for combat. At best, it was the size of an ordinary dog.

Warg (Change Name)

Health: 150/150

Mana: 150/150

Stamina: 150/150

Strength: 50

Dexterity: 50

Speed: 150

Intelligence: 50

Endurance: 50

Control: 150

Mentality: 50

Luck: 50

Recovery: 150

Willpower: 50

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills:

"It looks like I will have to train you from the very beginning, huh," Ryan said while looking at his Warg. "Your name will be Furball."

Strangely enough, Furball barked as if it had approved its name. In the end, Ryan saw himself suddenly scratching the neck of his new partner. He never thought about that before, but it looked like Ryan was a wolf person.

"Oh, boy it looks like I turned into an old man," Ryan sighed. "I only care about kids and animals."

Time was of the essence. Even though it looked like Furball could become a cute pet, Ryan decided to transform him into a killing machine. Without wasting time, he started his training regime.

"Go on, keep running until your stamina drops to zero," Ryan said. "Once that happens, I will restore your stamina."

In the blink of an eye, Furball learned Dash and started to train the skill. At the same time, Ryan checked what he could obtain in the shop after restocking his potion supply. Ryan's options increased, but he didn't find anything that could increase his power as a man archer. In the end, he just decided to buy tomes to teach Furball some passive skills. Ryan didn't want to spoil his new ally, but he couldn't let him die that easily either. So, Ryan made him learn Quick Legs and Stone Skin.

"This should increase your survivability a little bit," Ryan said. "Anyway, let's get going. With some luck, we will find an appropriate dungeon to train you along the way."

In the end, Ryan learned that his job to train Furball would be simpler than he thought. When the skill to summon him leveled up, the cooldown to summon him decreased, but all his status also increased by five points. Still, Ryan wished that the damn system could give more details about the skills.

Despite the pleasant surprise, Ryan had to focus for quite a while at increasing Furball's speed since he was much faster. Sometimes, Ryan even used Telekinesis to make him rest and increase their moving speed.

Two days later, Ryan and Furball finally reached the west coast, and they also had just entered the Mexican territory. Although that speed was unsatisfactory, it couldn't be helped since he was training Furball pretty intensely. All his elemental resistances had even reached level ten already.

"The real thing starts here," Ryan said while looking at the ocean. "I wonder if I should use myself as bait to kill some megalodons. They are just oversized fish, so if I charge Power Shot and use Flash at the last minute, I should be able to kill them."

That was an important subject since Ryan didn't kill a single monster in two days, and he had to share his food with Furball. Who could have thought that Mark caused him so many problems just by sealing a few dungeons? In the end, he couldn't complain all that much since that was for the good of the country.

"Maybe even without Power Shot, I can win," Ryan said. "My attack speed and overall power are pretty high; besides, the effect of pestilence crossbow will stack."

Although Furball won't be able to eat the corpse due to the poison, one can't have everything they want. In any case, much to Ryan's deception, he didn't see a single megalodon in several hours, and the first type of monster he found were some Sahuagins after running for several hours. Their level was pretty high, so Ryan did Furball a favor and fried them alive with Electric Bullet.

"Level eighty" Ryan muttered while he watched Furball eat the fried fish. "Most likely, the dungeon this thing came from already broke three times should I clear it?"

That was a tough call. Although Ryan already helped a lot of Mexicans once, he could do it again, and it wasn't like the job would take too much of his time. Still, not only Ryan decided not to waste his time, but he also didn't find the dungeon.

"You sure have a bit of an appetite, huh," Ryan frowned when Furball took a bite of another Sahuagin he had killed.

Furball's mana has increased by one point.

"... What?" Ryan muttered in shock.

Furball's status increased while he was eating although it was weird, it did make sense. That would explain why monsters were so eager to eat humans. While they couldn't obtain classes, they had their own means to grow stronger. Most of them could absorb mana from the environment. While summoned couldn't do that, they could become stronger when their master's skills level up.

"Interesting" Ryan said. "While it is good that you can become stronger by using several methods, we can't stop all the time to let you eat. Still, it would be pretty awesome if I let you eat Sahuagins for a while in order to make your mana increase."

If Ryan's status could increase like that, he would eat until his stomach explodes. While mana was important, Ryan didn't want to turn Furball into a mage-like monster. Since his status could increase in several different ways, Ryan intended to turn him into his shield. The plan to make him into a killing machine had been upgraded. While Ryan perhaps could make him become both, he decided not to be too greedy for the time being. Some caution was necessary while dealing with something knew that he still had only a little knowledge about.

Class: Hunter Lv 61 (+ 03 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 (+ 02 UP)/ Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 271st

Health: 779 /779 (3,32/s)

Mana: 1589 /1589 (3,32/s)

Stamina: 1157 /1157 (3,32/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 1300 (+980) (+57)

Speed: 85 (+459) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+459) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+130)

Control: 06 (+471) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 700 (+964) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 8.331.119

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 77 (+ 05 UP), Stamina Drain Lv 11 (+ 10 UP), Concentrated Strike Lv 11 (+ 10 UP),

Passive Physical Skills: Resistance Lv 30 (+ 05 UP), Discount Lv 25 (+ 10 UP), Awareness Lv 01,

Spells: Charge Trap Lv 01, Summon Warg Lv 01,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 52 (+ 03 UP), Archer Lv 52 (+ 03 UP), Summoner Lv 29 (+ 05 UP), Combat Archer Lv 34 (+ 03 UP), Sorcerer Lv 21 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 25 (+ 04 UP), Weapons Master Lv 06 (+ 05 UP), Sentinel Lv 01,

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1