Chapter 288: Class: Enchanter

Chapter 288: Class: Enchanter

Ryan learned the skill as fast as possible, but instead of testing it to see the limitations of it and confirm if Katelyn lied or not, he decided to alert Mark. With Alissa's help, he will be able to determine if she was a threat or not.

"Ryan? I didn't expect you would call us back?" Mark said after accepting the call. "Did something happen?"

"I just learned a certain skill which made me wonder if Katelyn lied or not to me before," Ryan said. "You should ask Alissa to check things on her."

"Ah about that," Mark said. "Katelin explained to me her powers. She also told me that she hid something from you. She confessed to me that it was because she was too embarrassed to say that she lied since you helped her and the kids so much."

"Is that so" Ryan frowned. "Well, if you think that she told the truth, then it is fine, but you have any doubt in your mind, you should ask Alissa for help."

"Rest assured, I already confirmed with Alissa what that spell could do," Mark said. "Basically, it grants Katelyn the power to upgrade certain weapons, but she needs the right materials like the spirits of monsters. She obtained a magic weapon, and she upgraded it several times until she lost when she fought a dragon. Katelin herself can't create magic items."

That explained some things the doubts inside Ryan's mind vanished. In any case, it looked like he would need other skills to upgrade his magic items, but he could create others with Seal. For some reason, he felt that something was off regarding that information Regardless, as long as Ryan defeats some bosses, he will be able to create some magic projectiles that may even surpass his Paralyzing Spear.

After ending the call, Ryan headed toward the end of the dungeon. Since he was already there, it would be a waste not to get a class after all that work. Regardless, alongside the treasure box, Ryan saw Furball licking the liquid that once had been the corpse of a Jellyfish it looked like the corrosive effects disappear after a while. By eating and drinking the corpses of ten Jellyfish, Furball could obtain one point in mana. That was nice, even though it wasn't Ryan's current objective for his pet.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Templar, Ninja, and Enchanter.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"As expected, those are tier two classes Still, for some, I feel like I saw those three options before. In any case, I already have the ninja class, so I only have two options here"

While Ryan was interested in the Templar class, that one would help him in any way to increase his powers. It was a melee class, after all. As for the Enchanter class, it looked like an improved version of the Elementalist class. So, Ryan was expecting quite a bit when he chose that.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Enchanter!

You obtained the following skills: Support, Fire Enchantment, and Ice Enchantment.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by four points, your stamina, health, control, and recovery will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Support.

Effect: it grants you the power to use buffs in your allies, even the buffs that originally couldn't be used on others.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of fire. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence multiplied by the amount of time the spell stayed active.

Cost: 30 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Enchantment.

Effect: Increases the power of your attacks by adding the properties of ice. The extra damage caused will be equal to your intelligence, and if your intelligence is higher than the targets' mentality, you might freeze then by the amount of time the spell stayed active.

Cost: 30 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

The skills were a bit different than Ryan had imagined, but they will be useful. Even more to help Furball obtain a certain level of strength. Although it was a bit weird since those skills would help Ryan make his build more support-like, it wasn't so bad since he could make his monsters stronger.

"It is time to get going, buddy," Ryan said. "Is that even tasty? How can you keep licking it for so long?"

After hearing Ryan's orders, Furball followed him. Maybe he got tired of licking that weird liquid, or perhaps Ryan's orders were really absolute. After they left the dungeon, Ryan couldn't help but sigh not only was there an empty lake in the middle of a forest, but now the forest was completely destroyed. The monsters really made a mess out of the things.

Although that scene made Ryan a bit depressed, it didn't make him stop from going South for even a second. He had fought by giving his best, and he tried to prevent that. So, his mind was at peace.

"I guess it is time to make you a bit stronger for real, Furball," Ryan said while patting his head. "We have been traveling without hurrying, but if I had let you eat more along the way, perhaps you could have helped me prevent this. Don't get carried away. I am not going to wait for you to catch up to me."

After that, Furball barked. Ryan didn't know if he had understood or not, but he assumed that he was only reacting to his words. After all, Ryan couldn't even understand a single thing when Furball barks.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1