Chapter 294: More Gunshots

Chapter 294: More Gunshots

In the end, Lucas and his friends didn't say or do anything suspicious, and after a quick breakfast the next morning, Ryan left their camp and headed south.

"I wish you luck on your journey, Ryan," Lucas waved his right hand. "If you find some of those dungeons, you should return here later and sell me the location of those."

"I will do that," Ryan said, and then he began to run alongside Furball.

Although he said that, Ryan probably would never come back to talk with Lucas. It wasn't like Ryan thinks that he is always right, but Lucas's predictions were completely off the mark. He was too friendly given the power and influence he had over hundreds of survivors, not to mention his real power since he had a dragons' backing.

"You stayed quiet the whole time, Garr," Lucas said. "I didn't think you were that shy."

"If I don't have a reason to talk, I won't open my mouth. Talking with you is already troublesome enough, and I am tired of troublesome humans such as you and him."

"You really read his mind, huh," Lucas sighed. "You are so helpless"

"And you are utterly nave. Although that man didn't lie to you, he didn't say everything he knew."

"Isn't that a given?" Lucas frowned. "I also hid several pieces of information about him, information that would put the people of my country in a tight spot. He probably did the same."

"Maybe, but I can tell that he didn't trust you until the very last moment ah, he did lie. When he said that he would come back to sell information, he was lying. Just like me, he can't stand goody two shoe idiots like you."

"I would like to think that Ryan isn't that cold," Lucas said. "Still, even though I asked that, we can't leave the country until we stabilize the situation with those guys that betrayed us."

"Just wipe them out already."

"I want to avoid that. I don't want to turn them into my slaves either," Lucas said. "This is getting tired, but eventually, they will understand that we could have killed them a long time ago, and then they will join our side."

"Your naivety someday will kill you"

----- -----

Ryan hurried to leave Colombia since a good part of the territory was under Lucas' control, and he didn't have many chances to fight. Besides, Lucas was also a bit troublesome, so Ryan wanted to forget about him as fast as possible.

"Although a difficult, right, Furball?" Ryan asked. "He isn't as nearly as annoying as Daniel, but his friendliness gave me goosebumps. In the apocalypse, you can't be that nice. You can only a normal guy like me or a total asshole."

Although Ryan was going too far with his commentaries, it didn't change the fact that he found Lucas's behavior odd. Regardless, after running for several hours, Ryan eventually reached the next country: Ecuador. That being said, he didn't find anything in there aside from a destroyed country. As usual, the monsters were running around as if they were the owners of the place while killing each other.

Ryan decided to clean the place a little bit. He found a problem he found some golems in there, and his own summoned monsters were weaker in comparison. It was a pity, but Ryan will have to leave them behind and focuses on killing the other creatures.

"Wait a minute" Ryan frowned. "Can you eat them, Furball? The golems?"

Ryan didn't want to make his pet eat plain rock, but he knew that the golems had a core where their mana was stored. He was wondering if Furball could eat. Furball barked, and when Ryan killed a golem, he looked for the pieces of the core and began to ate it looked kind of weird since the core was like shattering glass. However, Furball's endurance increased.

"I guess this is the place in which we are going to transform you into a decent tank, Furball," Ryan said. "Let's just hope you won't get tired of eating the cores."

Although it had been a troublesome job since the monsters had spread around the country, Ryan killed thousands of them because he truly wanted to make Furball sturdier and because he also needed more coins. With seventeen million coins, he didn't find the skill Katelyn mentioned on the dungeon shop, so it was obvious that he would need more coins or at the very least, Ryan will have to clear more difficult dungeons.

Furball

Health: 325/325

Mana: 552/552

Stamina: 519/419

Strength: 360

Dexterity: 302

Speed: 359

Intelligence: 220

Endurance: 682

Control: 251

Mentality: 250

Luck: 120

Recovery: 400

Willpower: 210

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bite Lv 35, Scratch Lv 30, Charge Lv 50, Dash Lv 60

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 30, Quick Legs Lv 20

Spells: Meditation Lv 29, Fireball Lv 15

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 25, Cold Resistance Lv 25, Electric Resistance Lv 25, Earth Resistance Lv 25

After helping Furball for five days non-stop, those were the results. Endurance had skyrocketed as expected, but while that was good, Ryan couldn't help but think that his pet was getting too strong too fast. While in games, low-level players can level up much faster than usual when someone high-leveled helped them, Ryan wasn't living a game. It was reality

"It looks like you are going to become a fearsome beast even more impressive than I had envisioned," Ryan said to Furball while he patted his head. "Regardless, it was time to move on. Let's see what we will find on the next country."

Although it felt like Ryan was progressing too fast, Ryan himself felt like things weren't going as fast as he had planned probably because things were pretty boring as of late. Still, complaining about that was dangerous, but knowing his luck, even thinking about that, Ryan considered it dangerous.

It didn't take long for Ryan to find something unusual in Peru. The number of monsters was low, and that had a reason. Some survivors could be found there alongside many gunshots.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1