Chapter 296: No Longer Human

Chapter 296: No longer human

"My name is Lucia thank you for helping us stop our friends," The blond woman said after calming down her nerves for a few minutes. "You said that you fought demons before. Does that mean you know a way to revert them back to normal?"

"No I know that some humans got captured by them and that all creatures can get influenced by their powers to a certain extent," Ryan explained. "However, this is the first time I see what happened to the humans who got captured by them."

"Do you have any idea what we can do here?" Lucia asked. "You must have some sort of idea. Otherwise, you wouldn't have helped us."

"You are jumping to conclusions," Ryan said while frowning. "I came here because I am interested in the subject while I have some ideas, I don't know if any of them will work."

"What are those ideas?" Lucia asked.

"Killing the demon that did this to them, or using some spells and items that might nullify negative effects," Ryan explained. "That being said, I never saw an item or even potion that could neutralize something like this, and as for the spell, I am not betting on it. This far surpasses the level of an ordinary negative effect. I have a spell that I want to try, but I think it won't help."

"If you can, just try it. Please," Lucia said.

Ryan sighed and then approached one of the men who had been infected/brainwashed by the demons. When Ryan touched his head, he felt something weird passing through his hand, and in the next moment, Ryan had some visions for a few seconds. A world of red and black where demons ripped humans apart with their bare hands while they laughed. The vision was so intense that Ryan even felt the scent of blood and heard the scream of those people. When Ryan returned to reality, there was a notification in front of him.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Curse Resistance!

Effect: Decreases the damage and effects of curses by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

" Holy shit this is worse than I imagined," Ryan said. "You shouldn't touch them. Whatever happened to them, now they are able to pass the same status negatives to you guys now I can understand what 'madness' meant."

Ryan just touched the man's head for a second and then used Purification. A light enveloped the main for a moment and then quickly dissipated. Ryan frowned since a similar thing happens when he uses Full-Heal, but the light was supposed to last for a few seconds. Regardless, Ryan didn't notice any change. Ryan used the spell several more times in the hope of decreasing the effect of the negative status, but in the end, even after using it for dozens of times, not even a small difference could be seen. The status of man didn't change, and he still was screaming from the depths of his soul.

"It can't be removed by using magic," Ryan said after turning around. "The only option remaining is to kill the demon, but honestly"

"I know," Lucia bit her lips in exasperation. "We somehow knew it when we checked their statuses they are no longer human, right?"

"That is my guess as well," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It is hard to believe, but given that they can apply the same status effects that changed them they are no longer humans. They are demons well, sorry about this."

You obtained 200 coins.

You obtained 200 coins.

You obtained 200 coins.

After saying that, Ryan manipulated the steel and made a spike pierce their hearts. The creatures stopped screaming, and they eventually became immobile. Lucia and her friends flinched when they saw that. Still, given that Ryan obtained those coins despite not having one, it became even more evidence that he was right.

"He was my cousin," Lucia bit her lips and said while her anger was rising.

"Not anymore," Ryan said. "Your cousin died on the same day he disappeared."

That only put more salt on Lucia's wounds, but in the end, she knew that letting her rage control her right now wouldn't change anything. If anything, she should feel grateful that Ryan dirtied his hands for them. He didn't like that either, but Ryan wouldn't avoid doing what was necessary. In a sense, letting creatures run around like that was even more dangerous than letting dragons run rampant.

"Do you guys know where I can find their dungeon?" Ryan asked.

" We will take you there," Lucia declared. "I don't know who you are really, but I know that you will need help to fight all those demons, and I am tired of running away from them."

Ryan sighed. He would rather fight alone in order to minimize the risks and maximize the rewards. Then again, that wasn't his country, and those guys didn't have to obey him. Besides, if they follow him of their own volition, it won't be his fault if they die.

"Lead the way, then," Ryan said. "I just need to give a warning that if any of you guys let the blood rush to your head, I will probably use you as bait for the demons. So, use the rage inside of you guys with moderation."

For obvious reasons, no one likes to hear that with that kind of tone, but in the end, they realized that it was Ryan's style of saying that they shouldn't let their anger and sadness blind their judgment. They weren't completely wrong by thinking that way, but they weren't completely right either. Ryan would definitely use any hot-blooded idiot as bait. To kill as many demons as possible or to escape from them if the necessity arises. Whatever happens, he wasn't feeling like working with suicidal idiots for long. Ryan was determined to see things regarding Earth to the very end, and he will do everything necessary to achieve that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1