Chapter 297: Night Demon

Chapter 297: Night Demon

In the end, Ryan and the others didn't have to move for long before they could find some demons. That being said, he was quite surprised when he saw them.

Night Demon Lv 135

Health: 759 /1.500

Mana: 1.200/1.200

Stamina: 1.800/1.800

Strength: 500 (-30%)

Dexterity: 500 (-30%)

Speed: 650 (-30%)

Intelligence: 300 (-30%)

Endurance: 800 (-30%)

Control: 500 (-30%)

Mentality: 500 (-30%)

Luck: 350 (-30%)

Recovery: 750 (-30%)

Willpower: 450 (-30%)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Fear Touch Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Concentration Lv 80

Spells: Fly Lv 100, Induce Fear Lv 120, Improved Speed Lv 80

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100, Shock Resistance Lv 100, Cold Resistance Lv 100, Earth Resistance Lv 100

"Well, well" Ryan said. "Look at what we have here"

Ryan finally found another creature in which he had their blood. While that didn't make him feel anything, the fact that the monsters were suffering damage and their status had decreased thanks to the sunlight was something that he welcomed.

Night Demons were creatures that had blue skin. Their wings were quite dragon-like but obviously much smaller. That being said, their most eye-catching features were their short horns near their ears and their red eyes.

"You guys are so lucky how come you did let them multiply by this much?" Ryan asked. "I wish I had the luck to find such stupid creatures sooner."

"While they are insane to fight in their weakened state, it doesn't mean that they are weak," Lucia explained. "They can make anyone lose the will to fight in a matter of seconds with Induce Fear."

"Then, just attack from a distance," Ryan said.

"That is easier said than done," Lucia said.

Ryan checked Lucia and her friend's status once more and confirmed that they only had melee classes. Although that had been a stupid choice, it was the best option to increase one's survivability. So, Ryan couldn't complain.

"Besides, they are many times more fearsome at night," Lucia said.

Ryan knew that, now and then, he could make good use of his Night Demon's blood due to that. In fact, he was hoping to use it right now since just hunting the monsters only during the day would be too much of a pain.

"Where is the dungeon?" Ryan asked. "There are only a few hundreds of them here."

"A few hundreds?" Lucia frowned. "What do you mean a few? This is an entire battalion of those freaks Regardless, their dungeon is near our capital. We still have a long way to go, and we will have to kill a lot of them until we reach there."

"I couldn't have asked for more," Ryan said. "Anyway, this will sound crazy, but you guys will work as bait for me."

"What?" Lucian opened her eyes widely.

"Forget what I said earlier. You will do that because it is the best option right now," Ryan said. "In exchange, I will let you get all the loot. Until at least you guys obtain some decent gear. I can kill them in a single strike, but to kill all of them before they can use their spells on us, I will have to stay still and only focus on attacking them. You guys will draw their attention and stop them if they get too close, but they probably won't with those statuses."

The frown didn't disappear from Lucia's face. Although her friends couldn't understand English, they had a good idea of Ryan's plans based on her face. Thanks to it, they hesitated since they didn't know if Ryan was that reliable in combat. Without any other choice, Ryan had to start the fight and use it as a demonstration.

Ryan suddenly left the Bush he and the others were using to hide and the start to fire his bolts. When the demons finally noticed his presence, twenty of them had already fallen. Just as he had said, each one of them died after getting by a single bolt.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrgggggggghhhhh."

The demons scream in sheer hatred while they flew toward Ryan. Although that surprised him a little, it didn't slow him down. Thanks to the rage, the monsters flew fast enough to get in the range of their spells, but also, due to their rage, they never tried to use it. For some reason, they wanted to rip Ryan apart with their bare hands while he was conscious.

"... Let's go," Lucia said after she recovered from the shock. "He is insane, but he has the skills to back his insanity."

Following Lucia's lead, the other survivors formed a wall in front of Ryan a d when they had to, they used the few long-range attacks that they had, but in the end, they barely had the chance to do anything. Also, even when they attack the demons, the creatures completely ignore them.

"... I never saw them get this mad," Lucia frowned. "It almost looked like they knew you, and you were the man who killed their parents."

It was also the first time Ryan faced creatures that were enraged. The first thing he thought was that the demons had put him on their blacklist. However, Baal and Lilith wouldn't do that. Instead of letting their minions do the hard work for them, they seemed the type who would hunt down anyone who gets on the way.

In the end, Ryan concluded that it was due to his Night demon's blood and because of his Demon Hunter class. Upon noticing that someone who had their blood was hunting them like that, the demons became enraged. While that had been useful, Ryan couldn't help but worry for how long that would be useful.

"It is hard to explain why the monsters are acting like this, but if you guys want to make the most of the situation, you will have to learn some ranged attacks since the monsters will focus only on me," Ryan said. "Is there a dungeon nearby in which you guys can buy some tomes?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1