Chapter 295: Madness

Chapter 295: MADNESS

"More people killing each other, huh" Ryan sighed. "This time, I will make sure to keep my distance to avoid finding more people like Lucas."

Although he said that, Ryan couldn't just ignore those conflicts. Since he was one hundred percent sure the fights would take place near dungeons, he had to check them in order to confirm if there was a tier-three dungeon somewhere. However, when Ryan started to fly using Telekinesis, he already found something weird some humans were indeed fighting while protecting a dungeon. Still, only one side had guns, and the humans on the other side they looked weird.

Pedro (MADNESS)

Health: 2.000/2.000

Mana: 500/500

Stamina: 2.000/2.000

Strength: 400

Dexterity: 400

Speed: 400

Intelligence: 400

Endurance: 400

Control: 400

Mentality: 400

Luck: 400

Recovery: 400

Willpower: 400

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Mad Touch Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 150, Cold Resistance Lv 150, Shock Resistance Lv 150, Earth Resistance Lv 150,

"What the hell" Ryan frowned.

Those were some weird statuses it was almost looked like the system recognized those individuals as monsters instead of humans. Ryan didn't like that something happened that gave those people the status 'madness' and also made them unable to gain classes. From far away, those people didn't seem strange, but once he lowered decrease his altitude. He began to hear them scream like creatures that were absolutely in pain. Although it was understandable since the other humans were hitting them with bullets, those attacks were only scratching them they were screaming as if something was tormenting their souls.

"Something smells fishy here" Ryan muttered. "It looks like I won't be able to ignore this situation. I need to understand what transformed those humans."

Ryan used Appraisal and confirmed that on the side of the sane humans, they had the statuses and skills to take the others down, but something was holding them back, and that was why they were using firearms.

"For some reason, they don't want to kill them while I can understand and don't want to kill other humans, things are too complicated to fight with that kind of restriction," Ryan sighed. "Let's try to immobilize them and see if the Purification can do something."

For the first time, Ryan cursed the fact that he didn't have many skills that could affect his foes while not harming them too much. Obviously, he never considered that someday he would fight to defeat an opponent without killing them.

In any case, Ryan approached the battlefield, and when he was close enough, he landed on the ground and then used Earth Manipulation to create holes under those weird people. Ryan felt shivers when he saw their bloodshot red eyes something very messed up had been done to these people.

Thanks to the fact that they only had ten on their side, Ryan managed to seal them on the ground while only letting their heads outside. However, even while they barely could move, they were shaking and making the ground crack.

"You have got to be kidding me," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance.

"Hey, what the hell are you doing?"

Ryan ignored a voice coming from behind and then used some mana potions. When his mana was full again, he raised those men and women from the ground while preventing their movements since they were inside some earth spheres. After that, Ryan used Earth Transformation and turned the earth spheres into steel spheres. The prisons finally stopped trembling and cracking those creatures were still screaming, but they couldn't do anything aside from that.

When Ryan turned around, he saw a blonde woman pointing a machine-gun toward him alongside her seven friends. As expected, even though Ryan came to help, his actions had been too suspicious.

"Don't bother. That won't work," Ryan said. "I am not an enemy I was passing nearby when I noticed your fight and the situation of these people. I guess in a sense. I came to help."

"In a sense?" The blond woman glared at Ryan. "Who are you?"

"Ryan though I don't know what if anything will change by telling you that," Ryan frowned. "Anyway, I saw that you didn't want to kill them. Hence, I didn't kill them. They only can't move. Do you know them? What happened here?"

"There are they once were our friends," The blond woman said with a complicated expression on her face. "They disappeared in a fight a few days ago and now they returned like this"

"Are you hiding something?" Ryan asked. "Did they disappear, or were they captured?"

"How did you know that?" The woman asked with her eyes full of suspicions.

Ryan sighed as expected. Demons were probably involved in that. While Ryan was ignoring all those eyes looking at him as if he was more dangerous than those transformed humans, he began to ponder about what happened.

Baal had the power to corrupt living beings. Lilith captured humans for a reason However, Baal could corrupt those living beings, and the succubus could charm males. Some demon was involved in that incident by the look of things, but those two weren't directly involved.

"One of the other four generals" Ryan said and then clicked his tongue. "What a time to find a sign of those sons of a bitch."

It looked like Ryan will be able to level up his Demon Hunter class much sooner than he had expected, but he didn't feel like celebrating since he finally saw what those devils could do with humans.

"Answer my question," The blond woman said while furrowing her eyebrows visibly angry.

"There is a dungeon spawning demons around here, right?" Ryan asked. "I fought some demons before, so I can guess what you guys had to endure and what happened to your friends. Anyway, my goal is partially to kill those fuckers, so that means, in a sense, I came to help."

Ryan didn't want to say that he could help her friends because he didn't know if he could. It was better to keep what Purification could do if he fails that way, everyone will feel less troubled by the possible failure.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1