Chapter 293: Class: Demon Hunter

Chapter 293: Class: Demon Hunter

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Death Knight, Demon Hunter, and Corrupted Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"I didn't choose this class before while the Death Knight class interests me. I can't stand away from the path I choose just because of my curiosity. As long as I focus on my strengths and keep growing stronger, I won't have to worry about the power of my enemies."

Regardless, it looked like from that point onward, Ryan will find many classes that are directly related to the classes he already saw before. That made sense, and it was a good sign because survivors would be able to become specialists at certain things like hunting demons or producing potions and crafting weapons. However, Ryan couldn't deny the fact that currently, at least in America, people needed to focus more on survival since their numbers were already too small.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Demon Hunter!

You obtained the following skills: Night Hunting, Hunter Specialization, and Corruption Sense.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Night Hunting.

Effect: It increases all of your statuses by two points per level when fighting against demons.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hunter Specialization.

Effect: It increases the coins obtained when hunting demons by two percent per level when killing demons.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Corruption Sense

Effect: It grants you the power to sense the corruption caused by the demons in a certain range around you. The range is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by one hundred meters.

You obtained 01 status point.

While the class wasn't that bad, Ryan couldn't help but frown since those were passive skills that only would be useful when hunting demons. Those certainly will help Ryan when he fights against Baal, Lilith, and their army of demons, but defeating them was one of many goals he had.

"Well, whatever leveling up this class will be pretty easy once I find a dungeon that spawns demons and hasn't been cleared yet."

Since its effects were only useful against demons, Ryan was certain that the class would also level up much faster while hunting demons as well. Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense for the class to be a tier three-class even though Ryan cleared the dungeon without having a hard time.

"Are you ready to leave?" Lucas asked.

"Yeah, let's get going," Ryan said.

"I am not going to ask you about your goal," Lucas said. "But I would like to ask you to stay with us tonight. I have many questions to ask about other countries' situations since I didn't have the opportunity to leave this place. I don't want to leave my friends behind, after all. Nor do I want to leave my country in the hands of monsters."

"I guess that is fine" Ryan said and then sighed. "I owe you at least that much."

"Great, at times like these, we can't rush while collecting intel," Lucas said. "Besides, the days have been more and more tiring, so taking easy now and then is pretty much necessary."

Although he had the powers to create a decent house with magic alone, Lucas had an ordinary tent like his friends. After the sunset, everyone sat around a bonfire, and they started to pay attention to what Ryan said. Although he asked in detail about the things Ryan saw on his path, he never asked a lot about his country for obvious reasons. Or perhaps he was cautious since it would be suspicious to ask about how vulnerably Ryan's home country was.

In the end, Ryan decided to talk about almost everything he knew regarding the countries in Central America since he didn't learn all that much anyway. As for Gonzales and his friends, Ryan kept quiet about them. They more or less helped him, and Ryan didn't have any intention of putting them in an unfavorable situation by talking about them and their country.

"It looks like the situation is pretty much the same everywhere," Lucas said. "Still, it is kind of surprising that you would leave your country. You must have your reasons, but it surprises me that someone like you could do that just to search for power."

"It was necessary. I got my ass kicked several times, after all," Ryan shrugged. "I can't rely on luck alone to keep surviving in this crazy situation."

"That I can understand. Before Garr decided to help me, I suffered a lot," Lucas nodded. "Anyway, even though there is a certain difference in status, I think the difference in strength isn't that far apart. Things were that bad in your home country?"

"I believe that we avoided the worst-case scenario," Ryan said. "However, there are some types of enemies out there that require our attention. Those enemies can even face dragons."

"Ah so you met those guys," Lucas furrowed his eyebrow. "Garr mentioned some creatures that could give problem even to him, and that was what convinced me to join forces with him. However, I never met them."

"Well, you have been lucky then," Ryan said. "I found some of them, and I can say that I barely survived those encounters. Even now, I feel like I can't properly face them. Besides, just like us, they can keep increasing their strength, so this is a race in which the people from Earth started with a massive disadvantage."

Lucas nodded at that in silence. Apparently, he heard some things from Garr, but he didn't expect things could be that bad things were going well for him and his friends, but they needed more.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1