Chapter 290: Dark Knight

Chapter 290: Dark Knight

Garr

Class: Swordsman Lv 45 / Conjurer Lv 35 / Dark Knight Lv 45

Race: Lesser Dragon /--/--

Rank: 307th

Health: 750 (+ 65.000)

Mana: 900 (+ 65.000)

Stamina: 800 (+ 65.000)

Strength: 500 (+ 5.500)

Dexterity: 300 (+ 5.600)

Speed: 400 (+ 2.200)

Intelligence: 350 (+ 1.500)

Endurance: 500 (+ 4.600)

Control: 200 (+ 3.100)

Mentality: 350 (+ 5.500)

Luck: 100 (+ 3.700)

Recovery: 100 (+ 20.000)

Willpower: 1000 (+ 5.500)

Coins: 55.963

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Wind Slash Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 150, Awareness Lv 150

Spells: Tornado Lv 120, Revitalize Lv 50

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 200, Wind Resistance Lv 150, Electric Resistance Lv 150

As if it wasn't enough that the man had the backing of a dragon. He also had an interesting class. It looked like he managed to subdue tier-three dungeons, but unlike Hector, that guy decided to work with some humans.

"Shit me and my curiosity," Ryan clicked his tongue.

The moment Ryan used Appraisal, the dragon noticed his presence. To think that the creature would have Awareness well, Alissa had many skills, so that wasn't surprising. Ryan just will have to be careful in the future.

Running away from that kind of foe would only cause problems in the long run, so Ryan began to charge a Power Shot. However, much to his surprise, the dragon slowly approached him. In the end, the monster stopped when it was five hundred meters away from Ryan. He was dead wrong if he thought that he could dodge Ryan's attack at that distance.

"Hello, are you American?" The man asked using Telepathy.

"You used Appraisal and saw my name, huh," Ryan said. "You are correct."

"Oh, it is the first time I see someone from so far away since the monsters appeared," The man said with an excited tone. "Can we talk about the things you found along the way?"

"Sorry, I don't give information for free," Ryan replied.

"I am sure we can trade a lot of Intel," the man said. "I can see you cleared some high-level dungeons, and I believe you want to find more of them, right? I can help you with that, but negotiating is kind of hard when you are charging such a fearsome attack."

"Yes, and I am sure you need that appearance to negotiating," Ryan said.

"You got me there. My name is Lucas," the man said. "Wait for a few minutes, I will tell my friends here to retreat, and then I will come back to talk in my human form. I hope that you will be ready to talk as well."

Lucas retreated, and Ryan considered his options, continuing to charge his attack and kill Lucas in cold blood because he had the spirit of a dragon or play along with him in order to get a new tier, three class. If he chooses the second option, he will have to free his mind from all sorts of violent thoughts because a fight might break out at any moment if he discovers that Ryan wants to kill all dragons.

"What a pain" Ryan sighed. "Starting the fight when the other side made it clear that he wants to talk will cause a lot of problems then again, this might be a trap in order to make me drop my guard. Orgar is different from the other dragons, so there is a chance that this one might be different as well what to do?"

Although it was a dangerous code to live by in such a world, Ryan has no intention of killing a human if the other side doesn't pick a fight first. So, in the end, he decided to cancel Power Shot. However, he put the few explosive arrows that he had on his back. If the worst comes to the worst, he will have to fire then with Telekinesis, but it should cause some damage even against someone who can transform into a dragon.

After a few minutes, Lucas really returned in his human form. He was just a blonde guy that had slightly long hair and green eyes. He also seemed to be around Ryan's age, and he looked pretty friendly with a small smile on his face.

"Sorry for reading your mind before," Lucas said. "But I learned that using such skill comes in handy when finding new survivors when the world is in this kind of state."

"No problem," Ryan said.

"You must be wondering why humans are fighting against humans here," Lucas forced a smile and spoke. "Unfortunately, I don't have a good explanation to give to you. Some people just think that they can do whatever they want just because they obtained some power."

Ryan wasn't really interested in the subject. Regardless, he decided to implement his tactic to counter mind reading. The same thing that he used on Alissa wouldn't work, so Ryan decided to imagine Lucas enduring a session of masochism. That would bother most men. However, Ryan was also suffering a lot of damage by imagining that. In the end, he didn't notice any change in Lucas. However, Ryan couldn't relax since the dragon inside him could use mind-reading and report the things he learned to Lucas later.

"You don't have to explain anything to me. As long as you give the location of the tier three dungeon and permit me to enter, I can answer your questions," Ryan said while looking around.

Ryan was planning to answer, but telling the truth was another matter altogether. Until the very last moment, Ryan was determined not to trust in anyone, much less those who were extremely friendly.

"Sure, it is about time for me to kill the boss of that place together if you want," Lucas said.

"Thank you for your consideration," Ryan said. "You can lead the way then."

Lucas nodded, and then they began to walk toward someplace Northeast of their current position. Ryan wasn't good at hiding bus thoughts and feelings, so he decided to be as neutral as possible in order to prevent his actions and words from being analyzed by others.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1