Chapter 292: Cursed Touch

Chapter 292: Cursed Touch

Ryan had a lot of potions on his ring, but he had some on his backpack as well. He didn't expect to find any survivors, but be prepared for that situation, so he still had his backpack. After all, people would find it weird to see someone crossing the continent with the clothes on his body alone and a single monster at his side.

"If you are ready, let's get going," Lucas said. "It is getting late, and I don't like to fight at night."

After saying that, Lucas made a green sword appear out of nowhere. Since it looked like his dragon had the wind attribute, it wasn't that surprising, but if it were him, Ryan would use a fire sword and then boost its power with the dragon's wind magic.

"Pretty cool, huh," Lucas smirked. "Just look at this."

When a ghost left the dungeon, Lucas swung his sword and made the creature explode with a powerful gush of wind when the monster tried to hide underground. As if that wasn't enough, even though the attack had only the purpose of making the monster explode, it created a small crater on the ground. Ghosts were a bit different than Ryan had expected. They didn't have faces or anything human-like. They were just a slimy thing flowing around with their semi-transparent body.

"Pretty cool," Ryan nodded, visibly impressed. "If you can charge more mana in such attacks, such a weapon would come in handy in many situations."

"Hehehe, in fact, I can do that," Lucas stuffed his chest pridefully.

"It must be nice to have such a weapon, even while you grow much stronger, as long as it can do that, the weapon will remain useful," Ryan said.

"Well, enough talking, let's finish this," Lucas said.

Although some people frowned when they saw a strange with their leader, none of them did anything suspicious. Ryan confirmed that since kept Radar active since the very moment Lucas mentioned the ability of the ghosts.

In any case, soon after, a new ghost appeared, and this time, Ryan didn't lose the chance to kill the creature and use Appraisal at the same time. As expected, the poison was close to useless against those creatures, but since his weapon had such enchantment effect, he could damage those creatures and make them explode with just a few bolts.

Ghost  Lv 90

Health: 1.800/1.800

Mana: 1.800/1.800

Stamina: 800/800

Strength: 200 (+ 50)

Dexterity: 300 (+ 200)

Speed: 300 (+ 200)

Intelligence: 850 (+ 150)

Endurance: 150 (+ 50)

Control: 200 (+ 100)

Mentality: 550 (+ 150)

Luck: 10 0(+ 70)

Recovery: 500 (+ 200)

Willpower: 500 (+ 200)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Cursed Touch Lv 90

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 50, Concentration Lv 50

Spells: Mental Pain Lv 120, Lesser Intangibility Lv 120

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 50, Wind Resistance Lv 50, Cold Resistance Lv 50

You obtained 100 coins.

"You are better than I expected," Lucas nodded, impressed. "I had barely seen the monster in the darkness when you killed. What eyesight, huh."

"I am used at fighting at night," Ryan said.

"Really? I hate to fight at night. Even my shadow scares me," Lucas showed an awkward smile.

Much to Ryan's surprise, the dungeon led them downwards for quite a bit. At some point, it felt like they were in a spiral staircase since they kept moving to the left side. That being said, Lucas acted as if it was something normal.

"About the boss of this dungeon," Lucas said with a serious expression on his face. "While that thing isn't much study, it is several times more difficult than the normal ghosts. In essence, it was just a mixed version of dozens of them, but you shouldn't lower your guard. I don't at which level your Curse Resistance is, but depending on the level, you might lose your senses if that thing touches."

Ryan was starting to get spooky as well, even though he didn't show that on his face facing such an enemy in a confined space seemed like a bad idea, but as long as Ryan used Flash, it should be fine. Or, Ryan could just do his usual thing

When they finally reached the last part of the dungeon, Ryan stopped, making Lucas frown. He thought that Ryan got scared, but he changed his mind when he saw him charging Power Shot.

"Do you want to attack from here?" Lucas frowned showing an expression of disbelief. "Is that even possible?"

"I already did that," Ryan replied.

Ryan used Appraisal and confirmed the status of the boss. That creature was just like the other ghosts, a mass of a weird semi-transparent liquid that didn't have a face, limbs, or anything that could make anyone think of that as a living creature.

Lucas found it weird for someone trying to snipe a boss monster inside a dungeon. He never thought of doing that or never heard anyone doing something similar. However, in the end, Ryan managed to kill the boss and clear the dungeon after charging his Power Shot for thirty seconds

You obtained 8000 coins.

"Hahahaha," Lucas laughed without holding back. "To think that such a thing is possible that is so amazing as it is funny. Well, I doubt that many people would be able to pull that off."

"Sorry, I monopolized the coins," Ryan said. "It looks like the boss dropped something; you can keep it."

"Nah, I don't mind," Lucas said. "You just gave me a valuable piece of information, after all."

Once again, Ryan couldn't help but find it weird that Lucas was too nice. That being said, it didn't look like he or his friends were in dire need of equipment. Instead of thinking about when he was going to be backstabbed, Ryan decided to assume a more neutral way of thinking. He wasn't traveling around to make friends, but he could make human enemies left and right by being overly cautious and sometimes unpleasant.

Despite deciding that, Ryan hesitated a little bit in showing his back to Lucas while he selects his next class. Still, since Radar was still active, he wouldn't get caught off guard.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1