Chapter 300: Hand Cannon

Chapter 300: Hand Cannon

In the end, Lucia and the others decided to stick around with Ryan because even though they worked together by using Earth Punches, they couldn't slay demons as fast as Ryan. That being said, it wasn't like he was invincible. To show his true power, Ryan needed certain conditions like attack without moving or having a vantage point where he could see all the enemies and the terrain ahead. So, even though Ryan was harsh with his words, Lucia recognized that working with him would help her group and Ryan himself.

"You created those rings, right?" Lucia asked. "Can't you create more crossbows like yours for us? We will be able to help more with such weapons."

"You are really nave even if I could create crossbows like these, which I can't, it wouldn't help you guys all that much since your dexterity is low," Ryan explained.

"So, it relies on mana and dexterity to have all that firing power?" Lucia looked to the side and began to think about something. "What if you create a weapon that fires magic projectiles? Like a pistol? It won't have to rely on dexterity and mana, right?"

"Yeah it will rely only on mana," Ryan frowned while wondering about Lucia's knowledge. "How do you know that?"

"I am not much versatile like you, but I can create projectiles made of steel," Lucia said. "That is why for a while, we kept using firearms. I made some adaptations, and thus I became someone who could create an infinite number of bullets, but such skill became useless after a while."

"I wondered why you guys had firearms after all this time" Ryan said. "Regardless, while I think that creating something like that might be possible, I never tried before, so I can't guarantee the performance."

"That is fine. As long as we are able to use Earth Punch or other projectiles with a certain level of power, it will be good enough," Lucia said.

Ryan couldn't understand that reasoning. Relying on that kind of weapon probably won't let them level up as many skills as possible. Ryan had no intention of changing his bow and crossbow for a magic pistol or something, but in the end, learning how to produce that might help him. It will probably become a good source of income.

Although that had been his first time, Ryan managed to create a pretty interesting hand cannon made of steel. However, for some reason, he couldn't see the status of the weapon probably because it didn't have a projectile. Regardless, after beating the crap out of a pterodactyl, Ryan used Seal on the creature and put its soul in the hand cannon.

Wind Hand Cannon.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire Wind Spheres Lv 10.

Dexterity + 10, Intelligence + 10

Cost: 15 mana

"It somehow worked" Ryan frowned while seeing that the steel was emitting a green glow. "I didn't think pterodactyls had any elemental attributes, but since they can fly, I guess it makes sense that this would happen."

Ryan passed the gun to Lucia, and she opened her eyes widely when she saw the status of the weapon. It was no surprise; Ryan just created an item that could easily cost ten thousand coins.

"Although I asked for this I wasn't expecting much, but this surprised me," Lucia frowned. "Still, why the wind element."

"All skills have limitations. That is all you need to know," Ryan shrugged. "Try to fire it. We need to make some tests."

Lucia nodded and nonchalantly pulled the trigger while aiming at the wall in front of her. Although she was expecting some damage to be caused, she didn't imagine that the Wind Sphere would take the area around them tremble with the impact.

"Let me use it now," Ryan said.

When Ryan pulled the trigger, the Wind Sphere made a crack on not only the wall but also made a good part of the dungeon tremble. In the end, it looked like their ideas were a bit off the mark.

"It looks like even weapons like this rely on dexterity to cause some damage," Ryan said. "My intelligence is only two times higher than yours, so that doesn't explain all this damage."

"Well, it is fine," Lucia took back the gun. "Even though it isn't an earth projectile, it will stop the monsters from getting too close. For how much are you going to sell it?"

"It looks like someone is learning fast how the world works," Ryan smiled. "Ten thousand coins for each."

"That is a deal then," Lucia said. "Also, this isn't how the world works. It is just that you are easy to read."

"Right, right," Ryan shrugged.

While Ryan was creating more of those hand cannons, he imagined how fearsome it would be to create them while using the Jellyfish souls. Stopping them without killing would be a real hassle, but totally worth it. In the end, Ryan created two hand cannons for each survivor. Since the weapons could be easily held with a single hand, there was no reason to sell them only one.

The next day, Ryan confirmed how fearsome those hand cannons were. As long as they had mana, Lucia and her friends could completely stop the demons in midair. Although there was no denying that the weakened state of the demons was playing an important factor in that, it was also obvious that they weren't magicians or archers. Their intelligence and dexterity weren't their forte.

In any case, with that kind of knowledge, Ryan would be able to turn even humans with few classes into a fearsome army. The only real problems regarding that were the Ryan barely worked with others, and he wouldn't give the weapons for free. It was only natural that he would profit from the skill in which he spent ten million coins to learn. Even if Ryan doesn't find some buyers, he can always sell the magic items that he creates in the dungeon shop. There was no real downside in keep creating those magic items.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1