Chapter 505: Mutant

Chapter 505: Mutant

Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at the boss and its status. He never imagined he would find a mutant species so far, this late in the game either he was very unlucky, or those creatures were rarer than he thought.

Even though Ryan kept his distance and didn't move, the boss noticed his presence and fired a massive wave of flames covering a good part of the dungeon. Ryan managed to block it with his shield. Still, then he was forcefully teleported to the last part of the dungeon that certainly wasn't a creature he could mess with.

"I guess it can't be helped," Ryan said and then equipped his Spiritualist Crossbow and Thunder Lord Crossbow.

The monster finally found him again and tried to burn Ryan to ashes, but he escaped after using Teleport. However, when he pointed his weapons toward the beast, the other head opened its mouth and used Ice Cannon. Ryan was caught off guard since he didn't imagine any ice skills would cause him damage, but his legs quickly froze. Ryan used Purification to decrease those effects a little bit and then began to fire his bolts at the enemy.

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance when his bolts decreased in speed and lost a lot of power thanks to the Ice Cannon. In the end, the projectiles hit the monster but barely caused any damage.

"I guess this one won't be tamed" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

The other head of the salamander moved to hit Ryan with its attack as well, and Ryan used that chance to teleport away from their range. When he reappeared behind the monster, Ryan summoned several Magic Bows that had the same effects as his Spiritualist's Bow. Defenseless, the boss was bombarded by numerous attacks and lost a lot of mana, but even so Ryan didn't cause enough damage to make the enemy feel any real pain.

"Come on" Ryan frowned. "It is just a tier two monster, even if it is a mutant, it shouldn't cause me so much trouble."

Ryan was starting to think that he was getting carried away. It couldn't be helped since it has been a long while since that type of monster caused him any trouble. Despite that, Ryan forced himself to use some DEX potions. The power of his attacks managed to overpower the Flamethrower and the Ice Cannon. Still, even so, Ryan was also forced to use a lot of mana potions before the beast finally fell dead. In the end, Ryan felt more troubled than victorious

You obtained 250.000 coins.

"I guess I am getting carried away lately" Ryan scratched the back of his head.

The surprises didn't end there that day. On the place the two-headed salamander fell, Ryan found a small bottle that contained the monster's blood. It has been a while since he got one of those, but as usual, getting them was quite a pleasant surprise.

Kobold 's Blood.

It grants you the following skills: Dark Vision, Heroic Axe Mastery, Steel Skin.

As expected, the blood of another monster would grant Ryan some skills challenging to find. In any case, as usual, he drank it without thinking too much about it. However, for the first time after doing that, Ryan felt a wave of pain passing through his entire body for a single moment that paralyzed him.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Dark Vision.

Effect: It grants you the chance to see to some extent in entirely dark places. The range of the skill is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by five meters.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Ax Mastery.

Effect: Increases damage when using axes by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Steel Skin.

Effect: It passively increases your endurance by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"I guess I already have too much of monsters' blood inside me" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows after he checked his body and confirmed that nothing changed. "It is a pity that I can't ask anyone about this. The only person who is crazy enough to use several of those is me."

After that, Ryan headed toward the treasure chest and sighed when it opened. It was only natural, but it looked like his options were decreasing as of late. That was kind of weird considering that there were more than two hundred dungeons in his country.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Spearman, Trickster, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Spearman!

You obtained the following skills: Hyper Body, Iron Will, and Death Leap.

Your strength and health will increase by four points, your mana, stamina, speed, and endurance will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hyper Body.

Effect: It temporarily increases your health by fifty points per level.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Iron Will.

Effect: It temporarily increases your mentality by ten points per level.

Cost: 30 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Death Leap.

Effect: A powerful attack that increases in power the higher you jump.

Cost: 100 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

It was a pity that Ryan didn't get a single passive skill. Still, in any case, Hyper Body certainly would be useful in some extreme situations. Like in situations where his health would drop to zero, he will be able to escape by using it. Hopefully, his health won't drop to zero once the skill is deactivated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1