Chapter 501: Offer

Chapter 501: Offer

After hearing those words, Ryan heard the sound of something snapping coming from Alissa. It looked like Femradiel stepped on a landmine.

"Haha, you sure can talk big, huh," Alissa said. "Even though you lost to a single human and even begged for him to become his vessel."

"I admitted my defeat, so your words don't bother me," Femradiel said. "While I really bothered him many times for Ryan to become my vessel, I don't regret that either and I would gladly do that many more times if the necessity arises. Becoming Ryan's partner opened many doors to me and I can't even see how strong I can become by working with him, I was fortunate. I can't say the same thing about your partner."

"All right, all right" Alissa showed a cold smile. "You will have the chance to train with me, hopefully, you will have the chance to regret it later."

Ryan watched the whole exchange with a frown on his face. It looked like Alissa and Femradiel were much more prideful than he thought. They couldn't withstand hearing so many taunts without doing anything, but what surprised Ryan most was the fact that Orgar stayed quiet the whole time.

"Why don't you say something?" Ryan thought.

"I am quite interested in the power this dragon of yours has," Orgar replied. "Besides, Alissa hasn't fought a difficult battle in a while. I believe this will help her in that regard."

What a stupid reason in any case, letting those two runs wild inside his domain would be insanity. The best place for them to train against each other would be in the slime's world. While some slimes suddenly appeared there, they certainly wouldn't get in their way.

"If you guys are serious about this, then you will have to move to another place," Ryan said.

"Nah, don't worry," Alissa said. "I won't transform or even move from this spot. Unless your friend here sucks at controlling her powers, then you won't have to worry about this situation inside your domain."

"Is that so" Femradiel made her Wyrm body move forward and then said. "If that is the case, this one here will be enough."

Ryan sighed, he could easily imagine that conversation moving forward, and those two would keep saying things that they wouldn't do in order to keep the fight fairer. However, in the end, that was just a way to taunt each other. Unless Ryan steps in and decides some rules, that training session was bound to cause a massive headache to him.

"I don't know why I am doing this, but you will decide the rules," Ryan said. "If you feel unsatisfied by it, then this won't happen at all."

In the end, Alissa and Femradiel didn't complain. In order to prevent the other side from using any poor excuses, they would need some rules and a referee. Since Ryan was someone who couldn't care less about their pride, he probably was the best person for the job.

"All right, the first rule is that neither of you can move from the spot you are, you can move your body to dodge some attacks, but if both of your feet move away from your current position, you lose," Ryan said. "The second rule is that you can't fire a projectile bigger than your hand, if you get too worked up and fire a too big projectile, you lose as well."

Truth to be told, Ryan wasn't so sure that such a rule would be enough. Two people with Draconic Powers could easily cause a lot of destruction just by firing small magic projectiles.

"The third rule is, you get hit once, you lose," Ryan said. "Again, don't try anything funny in the heat of the moment. That is all."

"No melee combat, huh," Alissa furrowed her eyebrows.

"As for a melee combat without moving would be too restrictive," Ryan said. "It is better if you fight in a way that skill can play a major part in the final result."

Since Femradiel didn't have anything to say, Alissa also felt compelled to accept all the rules. In the end, the training session would be pretty straightforward, but the most skilled would stand victorious Again, Ryan couldn't understand the necessity of a training session when one side had to lose and the other had to win.

Ryan raised his right arm to give the sign of the start of the training session, but it was more accurate to call that a fight with some pretty restrictive rules at that point in time. When he moved his arm downward, the fight started.

Using both of her hands, Alissa fired several Thunder Bullets at Femradiel. However, those were blocked by an Ice Wall. Still, given the power and the number of projectiles, the Ice Wall quickly began to melt. Femradiel couldn't stay on the defensive for long, so she fired several Ice Bullets from the sides of the Ice Wall. Ryan couldn't help but frown at that Essentially, Femradiel was firing projectiles from a place she wasn't. It was easier to cast spells by using the hands, after all. So, it looked like she was mimicking Ryan when he used the Magic Bows.

The Ice Bullets quickly lost speed the more they approached Alissa. Ryan recognized what she was doing she changed the gravity field in a certain area to do that. As if that wasn't enough, she also gathered all the Ice Bullets, increased their size by clustering a few of them together, and then fired it back at Femradiel.

Femradiel used several Ice Walls to block the attack, and in the end, they never hit her as well. As expected, even though Femradiel had far fewer tricks up her sleeve, her ice magic was probably more effective than anything that Alissa could use.

In the end, since the area was getting filled with Ice Walls, Alissa decided to melt everything with Fire Bullets. It was the perfect moment to use that since it was Femradiel's elemental weakness, and much to everyone's surprise, the Fire Bullets quickly passed through the Ice Walls.

Class: Artemis' Disciple Lv 04 (+ 03 UP) / Elementalist Lv 89 (+ 10 UP) / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 54th

Health: 4421/4421 (9,94/s)

Mana: 5920/5920 (9,94/s)

Stamina: 6240/6240 (9,94/s)

Strength: 531 (+254) (+130)

Dexterity: 4600 (+3825) (+350)

Speed: 1120 (+1710) (+48)

Intelligence: 981 (+1395) (+33)

Endurance: 858 (+227) (+160)

Control: 926 (+1810) (+10)

Mentality: 908 (+247) (+70)

Luck: 1030 (+25)

Recovery: 2700 (+2420) (+845)

Willpower: 930 (+259) (+40)

Coins: 9.652.412

Status: 03

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Stunning Impact Lv 01, Triple Slash Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Stamina Boost Lv 07 (+ 06 UP), Fury Lv 01

Spells: Teleport Lv 34 (+ 05 UP) Fireball Lv 19 (+ 18 UP), Lunar Arrow Lv 04 (+ 03), Clairvoyance Lv 15 (+ 05 UP), Shadowy Disguise Lv 01, Poison Bomb Lv 01, Fire Creation Lv 01, Earth Creation Lv 01, Wind Creation Lv 01,

Support Skills: Fast Conjuration Lv 06 (+ 05 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 96 (+ 07 UP), Summoner Lv 61 (+ 05 UP), Sorcerer Lv 45 (+ 05 UP), Mage Lv 15 (+ 07 UP), and Wizard Lv 13 (+ 05 UP), Conjurer Lv 04 (+ 03 UP), Gladiator Lv 01, Assassin Lv 01,

Non-Combatant: Alchemist Lv 49 (+ 04 UP)

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1