Chapter 508: Spellcaster

Chapter 508: Spellcaster

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Spellcaster!

You obtained the following skills: Ice Blaster, Glacial Spike, and Ice Cannon.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by eight points. Your health, stamina, recovery, and mentality will increase by four points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Blaster.

Effect: It fires an orb at the enemy and, upon impact, causes damage and freezes them for one second.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Glacial Spike.

Effect: It summons a spike of ice and causes damage on the enemy by surprising them with an attack from below.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Cannon.

Effect: The ice version of Flamethrower that decreases the speed of the foes by one point per level per second.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan was betrayed by his high expectation he had forgotten a single but very important detail. The rank of the classes also influenced the rank of the special class. Given that Elementalist and Mage were tier one classes, it wasn't that surprising that he received just a tier four special class. As if that disappointment wasn't enough, Alissa and Femradiel were also quite curious as to what was Ryan's new class. In the end, a quick demonstration had been enough to make them frown as well.

"Is that it?" Alissa asked. "Those can't even be compared to Lunar Arrow."

"Well, I forgot to mention that the rank of the sacrificed classes plays a major role," Ryan said. "I suppose we should be happy that this is a tier four class."

"What a letdown in any case, I am going to clear the dungeons since my soldiers are already ready to leave," Alissa said.

In those four days, Ryan's overall magic powers increased quite a lot, thanks to Alissa. That was probably the method he had been looking for to cheat the system. Find someone powerful who isn't an enemy and train with them. In any case, Ryan couldn't even say that she owed him anything since she made Ryan save a lot of time.

"I have to be more careful with the classes I am going to sacrifice," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Tier three dungeons are hard to find, but I guess they are going to spawn more frequently from now on. The real probably will be the time to level them up."

"You probably will save some time if you have the chance to sacrifice some low-level special classes," Femradiel said. "Can that be done?"

"No idea, but if it is impossible, I will definitely do it," Ryan replied.

There was only one way to find out if that was possible, by obtaining three of those tier four special classes and then make them reach the max level. No if he reaches the max level in a single one, the system will notify Ryan if that class can be sacrificed. It looks like Ryan will have to level up the Spellcaster class quite often from now on.

In the end, Alissa cleared all the eight dungeons in less than one hour and alone. The power of the fourth strongest human wasn't something to laugh at. Ryan will have to work pretty hard to reach that level of power. It would be a difficult task, given that Alissa was dumb but not a slacker.

"I guess this is it," Alissa said. "I will come back to play if I have some free time. Things are rather dull in that base, after all. If it weren't for Arthur, I would have any real reason to go there."

"Now that I think about it, you are going to stay away from the base for more than a few days, huh," Ryan said. "Certainly, you won't consider these four days anything but a break."

"Are you joking?" Alissa asked. "We obtained four tier three classes and four tier two classes in just four days. This is a lot of progress for just a few days' time, I will certainly return to the base and then play with Arthur at least for a week."

Ryan changed his mind. Alissa certainly was a slacker, but it was only natural since she couldn't risk letting her soldiers fight for too long. They have become quite the powerful individuals, but they weren't at Ryan or Alissa's level when it comes to harsh training.

After saying her goodbyes to Femradiel as well, Alissa and her lackeys left Ryan's domain. Although things had been rather noisy in the last few days, Ryan didn't feel annoyed by it. Besides, now more than ever, Ryan confirmed that Alissa was one of few people he could trust when things start to get really rough.

"Well, then," Femradiel said. "I am going to resume my training. Before that, do you want to learn Cryomancy or not?"

Ryan thought for a second, not learning that skill would be a waste since he didn't know what else he should learn. Besides, that skill will certainly increase the power of his Frozen Spellcaster class and skills.

"All right, let's do it," Ryan said.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Cryomancy.

Effect: Greatly increases your control over the ice element and its variants. It also increases the power of your ice-based attacks by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Thanks, I didn't ask before, but is your training proceeding at a favorable speed?" Ryan asked.

"More or less, it would be better if I could take my time fighting the bosses, but we can't risk letting them become too powerful too fast, right?" Femradiel said.

" You know what, you should do that," Ryan said. "If we can't defeat those dungeon masters that don't have the confidence in fighting alone, there is no way that we will have any chance facing the big guns. You can focus on what you can do to become stronger, I will do the same thing."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1