Chapter 506: Cheating The System

Chapter 506: Cheating the system

When Ryan returned to his domain, he saw Alissa and Femradiel sparring again. He had to work for an entire day and night to kill all the salamanders around that dungeon, but he couldn't understand how come they were still at it. Ryan more or less knew that rivalry between men could create a friendship. He even saw that in the past, but he never expected that something like that could happen between women.

"You sure are late, Ryan," Alissa said since this time she noticed his arrival. "I guess I was wrong, your partner certainly is someone reliable."

"Yep Furball certainly is reliable," Ryan said.

"So, I am still below Furball in terms of trust, huh," Femradiel said.

"Don't blame yourself for it," Ryan shrugged. "I do have high standards, after all."

"Ryan, you already can learn Cryomancy, do you want to obtain that ability now?" Femradiel asked.

"Normally, I would say yes, but I can't see why I should do it when I am not going to use it anytime soon," Ryan replied. "I want to find a way to level up a specific class as fast as possible and while Cryomancy is a magical skill, it will only slowdown that process since several other classes will level up as well."

"If you want to level up a specific class, you should use the skills that that class granted you," Alissa said.

"Everyone knows that, but I was wondering if there is something else that can be done, like a trick in the system," Ryan explained.

"I highly doubt that you will find such a convenient thing this late in the game," Alissa said.

Ryan could only nod at those words. Femradiel could help Ryan a little with that with the monster's system, but even that much help won't be that effective. The best way to level up a skill is by using potions that increase the main attribute that determines the power of that skill and fight against a powerful foe. Ryan suddenly realized that he could boost the leveling up the speed of his classes if he transforms into a dragon that uses potions like DEX potion and then fights against like Alissa. Still, in the end, he didn't feel that good about changing his mind. Strangely enough, Alissa was looking at him as if she was reading his mind, but that shouldn't be possible since Mind Armor was active.

"It looks like you finally realized that," Alissa said. "So, what is going to be? You will do anything to achieve his next goal or will you let your pride get in the way? Before you use that as an excuse, I still owe you a lot since my guys are gaining a lot of coins while they are fighting inside the dungeons."

In the end, aside from his pride, there was no real reason to not train with Alissa. Given that she was the only one who could kick Ryan's ass in the country and that Ryan also could transform into a dragon, both of them would benefit from that.

"I guess it is fine, it is not like I will end up owing anything to you again after this," Ryan shrugged.

"You are a real pain in the ass, the same as ever," Alissa said.

Alissa thought Ryan would transform right at that moment. Still, much to her disappointment, Ryan proceeded to create a lot of INT potions. As usual, Ryan couldn't see her attributes, so he will have to confirm how much damage she would receive once the fight starts.

Alissa used Draconic Transformation, but nothing changed in her appearance. As always, she looked quite menacing, and her presence was that intense. However, Alissa couldn't help but frown when Ryan transformed.

"A blue dragon with a lot of dark shades?" Alissa said, visibly surprised. "I have never seen anything like it."

"I would say that Ryan's powers are affecting Femradiel's previous appearance since his power has increased exponentially before he accepted the contract," Orgar explained. "It is quite common for the emotions of a human to take shape like that."

Ryan already had imagined that was the case. Although he calmed down in the last few months, it looked like his dark side wouldn't never leave him alone. However, instead of getting worried about that, he felt relieved. If he ever forgets about his past, Ryan knew that he was bound to repeat the same mistakes over and over again, and that was something he couldn't afford to do.

Since they were training for the sake of increasing their own power, Alissa decided to let Ryan attack first. Both of them knew that Ryan was obviously the weakest one of them, so until he obtains a certain level of strength, things won't proceed all that well. Without hesitation, Ryan fired several Wind Blades, and those hit on Alissa's shoulders. It was kind of shocking, and that left a dreadful feeling inside Ryan, but not a single scratch was caused. However, on the other hand

Congratulations! The skill Wind Blade has leveled up!

Congratulations! The skill Wind Blade has leveled up!

Congratulations! The skill Wind Blade has leveled up!

You obtained three status points.

"So, it is like that, huh," Ryan frowned.

"Don't feel too bad about it," Alissa smirked. "Femradiel told me that you barely used Draconic Transformation. My skill on the other hand is at level 150."

That must give her some crazy bonuses in all attributes. No wonder Ryan didn't cause any scratch in any case, Alissa let Ryan attack as much as he wanted because she knew that his ability to withstand damage was below average.

"Go on," Alissa said with a condescending smile. "We will stay here for a little more than two days. Hopefully, you reach the level of strength where you will be able to scratch me."

"Getting reckless, aren't we?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Speaking of which, what is your position in the ranking now, Alissa?"

"I am the fourth," Alissa replied.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1