Chapter 504: Butcher

Chapter 504: Butcher

Unlike before, after clearing the dungeon, Ryan didn't fill the last part of the place with Fire Golems. Leaving the harpies increasing in number and then returning later to exterminate them was undoubtedly the best option to level up new classes.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Butcher, Assassin, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Only one option this time, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I suppose it can't be helped Still, what a name for a class."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Butcher!

You obtained the following skills: Bloodstorm, Cleave, and Seismic Slam.

Your strength and health will increase by four points. Your stamina, mana, endurance, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bloodstorm.

Effect: Swings your melee weapon around, and the more enemies you hit, the more powerful your attack will be.

Cost: 50 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cleave.

Effect: In midair, it increases the power of your next attack when using a melee weapon.

Cost: 50 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Seismic Slam.

Effect: It increases the power of your next attack and, when hitting the ground, causes a tremor that will disrupt the movement of the foes around.

Cost: 100 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Butcher really deserved the title of a melee class with those skills. They certainly would have some synergy with classes like Dark Knight and Dark Slayer.

"I guess sacrificing those three classes will give birth to a pretty insane special class," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Still training then will be something else since I am not used at fighting in close quarters."

Despite that, Ryan felt pretty good about himself. Trying to obtain domains only caused him some severe headaches, but getting new classes was always something refreshing to do. That only wasn't true when he has to clear tier-three dungeons that haven't been cleared a single time.

"I guess I should return to my domain before looking for the next dungeon," Ryan said. "I need to confirm that those two didn't destroy my base while I was away."

Much to Ryan's surprise, when he returned, he saw Alissa and Femradiel sitting on the ground and talking calmly about something. Weirdly enough, they were pretty close, and they didn't seem to be bickering about some nonsense.

"Yeah, Orgar always says that I should use Zen more often, but it is so boring," Alissa said. "I already spent my whole life on a bed without doing anything, but now I want to move my body and exercise it while I hunt some monsters."

"That is understandable, but you can't neglect how useful Zen can be," Femradiel said. "Zen is that much useful in the long run and besides, you can fight all day every day. That is where Zen really is important, it can rest your body and spirit at the same time."

It looked like they were giving advice to each other. That was weird. Ryan couldn't help but wonder how come they managed to solve their issues and become friends so fast. In any case, Ryan didn't want to interrupt, and he certainly wasn't to join the conversation.

Before Femradiel and Alissa could notice his arrival, Ryan decided to leave again. Ryan quickly found a horde of salamanders several kilometers at the North of his base.

"I guess I will have to use Wind Blade this time," Ryan shrugged. "Not the best option, but it should do the job here."

Before activating Taunting Aura, Ryan sneakily used Wind Blade to attack and slay some Salamanders and then level up his skill. Despite everything, two shots in the neck were enough to kill the level three hundred salamanders.

Congratulations! Your class Elementalist has leveled up.

Elementalist Lv 99  Lv Max

Intelligence + 2, Mana + 2, Health + 1, stamina + 1, recovery + 1, control +1.

"Finally" Ryan sighed in relief.

Due to the fact that he was using a weaker skill, Ryan had to fight for quite a while to slay all the monsters in the vicinity of the dungeon. However, thanks to that insistence, he managed to reach another important point. However, making another magic class will probably take a while. Unless Ryan uses mana potions like there is no tomorrow.

"After obtaining the next special class, it will take a while to get the next one," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I guess I will be able to focus on leveling up the new classes."

Although Ryan had the plans to sacrifice some archer classes with another one that had stealth skills and do the same with Dark Slayer, Butcher, or Dark Knight, leveling up those would take a certain amount of time because they were at least tier two classes. He didn't have any other choice but do that sporadically.

When Ryan entered the dungeon, he slew the few monsters that got on his way without any trouble. Killing the boss using low-level spells to increase the amount of time he will train his magic classes would be something pretty tricky, so he had to focus, but in the end, his focus was disrupted when he saw the dungeon bossa two-headed salamander.

Two-headed Elder Salamander  Lv 550 (Mutant)

Health: 75.000/75.000

Mana: 75.000/75.000

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 5000 (+ 1000)

Dexterity: 2500 (+ 400)

Speed: 2500 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 5000 (+ 1200)

Endurance: 4500 (+ 500)

Control: 3500 (+ 600)

Mentality: 3500 (+ 700)

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 45.000 (+ 15.000)

Willpower: 3500 (+ 600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dash Lv 250, Paralyzing Bite Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 150, Enhanced Recovery Lv 150, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 150

Spells: Flamethrower Lv 400, Ice Cannon Lv 400, Fire Spear Lv 350, Ice Spear Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 600, Cold Resistance Lv 400, Shock Resistance Lv 600, Electric Resistance Lv 400

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1