Chapter 509: Two Hundred Classes

Chapter 509: Two hundred classes

While Ryan's words surprised Femradiel, in the end, she didn't try to change his mind. Ryan was changing again and in a positive manner. Instead of worrying about how strong his opponents can become, he decided to focus on his own power.

"Anyway, I will return to the dungeons, you should organize your golems again," Femradiel said. "Thanks to Alissa's help, I had a good idea for the next familiar, but I will need some time to obtain enough mana."

"Is that so I guess her visit hadn't been that useless," Ryan said.

While Ryan was allocating his golems inside the dungeons, he considered his options. As usual, he could leave the country and search for tier three dungeons in Africa and Europe, but he already knew how much of a pain some natives could be. Not that he would be any better. If a stranger suddenly asks to use his dungeons, Ryan probably would throw them in the ocean.

"I have almost two hundred dungeons nearby that I can clear for classes," Ryan said. "That is the other option. Should I focus on that while I increase my domain in all aspects?"

That was a tough question. Staying would grant Ryan some stability and peace of mind while going abroad was risky, but it also could give him some nice rewards. According to Yahiko, the Indians and the Chinese were focusing on their problem. Probably many of them realized that in less than six months, things will become even harder. That was why no one was acting with world domination in mind. Still, not seeing the situation in those places with his eyes seemed like a bad idea. Things could be better in Africa and in Europe, but Ryan wouldn't bet on that."

"Oh, well," Ryan said and then shrugged. "This late in the game I can risk everything by trying to access the situation of the whole planet. Instead of worrying about others I will expand my domain and raise the strength of my army."

Ryan will be forced to become stronger when the big guns start to spawn on Earth, but he won't have many chances to do so if the difference in strength is that big. Fortunately, his army already had some powerful generals. They were Furball and Femradiel's familiars. Ryan just needed more powerful minions while he became stronger as well.

"Keep watching things while I am away, buddy," Ryan patted Furball's head. "You can eat your veggies without worrying about anything, but just make sure to stay away from the Ghouls. I think I don't need to say this, but they probably won't become a decent snack for you."

Area Lv 23: 59 square miles        Level UP cost: 550.000 coins or 5.500.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 08                    Level UP cost: 4.500 coins or 40.000 mana

Barrier Lv 12

Level UP cost: 12.000 coins or 120.000 mana

Army Lv 11                                      Level UP cost: 23.000 coins or 230.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 44 (93%)              Level UP cost:  88.000 coins or 880.000 mana

Coins stored: 756.338                  Mana stored: 3.652.842

"My domain is already large enough that I can't see the borders while I am at the center," Ryan said after he opened the domain's menu for a second. "It is time to look for other types of minions to put in my army."

After using Teleport, Ryan quickly found another dungeon near his domain. The creatures being spawned there were Earthworms, and he couldn't let those attack his barrier from underground. While they certainly weren't a species that would be useful in his army, Ryan still approached and used Taunting Aura to lure them since their dungeon was one that he hadn't cleared yet.

When the monsters approached, Ryan mercilessly killed them with his Magic Bows as he walked toward the dungeon. He didn't even have to use his hands and pull the triggers of his real crossbows to eliminate the threat. In the end, he left a trail of corpses behind and entered the dungeon while pondering about the next class he should level up.

"To make things as efficient as possible, I need the potions that boost my stats when I decide the next class to level up," Ryan nodded to himself. "Alissa has her own things to do, so I can't afford to bother her with this whenever I feel like it. Besides, if transformed into dragons outside my domain, we are bound to draw the attention of some troublesome foes. Hell, I don't even know if we are safe enough inside the barrier."

While Ryan couldn't bother Alissa often, it was too late to pretend that he didn't have Draconic Transformation. Several enemies already knew that Ryan had Femradiel's power, so Ryan felt compelled to use that skill while he 'trains' his powers against some troublesome foes that he shouldn't leave alone.

"I knew this was going to happen the more I use that power, I feel less compelled not to use it," Ryan said and then sighed. "While that skill leveled up quite a lot, in those four days, I shouldn't use it again Unless I have no other choice."

Resealing that skill would be for the best. Not only Ryan's enemies wouldn't know the total power he could obtain from it, it will also work as a mental trap to make them wonder when Ryan is going to use it.

Even when Ryan reached the last part of the dungeon, he had no idea which class he should use it. To make things as inconvenient as possible for him, Ryan decided to use the skills of the last class he obtained. That would be a pretty efficient way to keep his guard up and to level up classes that Ryan usually didn't use. So, after using some STR potions, Ryan equipped his strongest spear. Weirdly enough, the spears he got from the Reptilians still were the best he had even though they hadn't been upgraded a single time. While that was disappointing, in the end, it worked pretty well against the boss of the dungeon that was just a gigantic Earthworm.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1