Chapter 507: Three Others

Chapter 507: Three others

Despite all her power, Alissa still was only the fourth strongest human in the world. It was rather impressive that in terms of raw power alone, she was stronger than Yahiko. Still, the real problem was that three individuals were stronger than her, and Ryan had no idea who they were.

"It isn't time to space out," Alissa said, and then she shrugged. "Come on, you need to become stronger in order for one day you become a decent training partner. It would be really helpful if you can achieve that in our lifetime."

Ryan sighed. If he had been getting carried away lately, Alissa was too far ahead of herself. In any case, she deserved some punishment. After waiting for five minutes, the effects of the INT potions ended, and Ryan proceeded to use all the others that he had. Every single one in just a few seconds, he used four hundred of them, and Ryan's intelligence spiked to around twenty thousand points.

When the next Wind Blade hit Alissa, the massive impact made her whole body tremble, and then her left shoulder was also pushed back quite a lot. She frowned since she didn't bother to use Analysis on the potions Ryan used.

"You are cheating, aren't you?" Alissa frowned.

"I am just trying to make things as efficient as possible," Ryan shrugged. "If it hurts too much, I will try to hold back."

"Ugh" Alissa groaned in annoyance.

"That is why I told you to study your skills more," Orgar suddenly said.

Although the difference in power was big, Ryan just learned that he could decrease it by using hundreds of potions. That meant that even beings like Thanatos and the demon generals could be defeated. Regardless, Ryan's goal had been accomplished, so he held back a little. His goal wasn't to wound Alissa. She had learned her lesson, after all. However, in the end, she forced him to go all out when she began to fire several Wind Blades toward him as well.

To protect himself, Ryan fired the magic projectiles and repelled Alissa's. Every time they collided, the air around vibrated. That was rather shocking, but in the end, Ryan won that trade since his skill was at low-level but was leveling up like crazy.

The skill Wind Blade has leveled up.

The class Mage has leveled up.

The skill Wind Blade has leveled up.

The class Mage has leveled up.

Although Ryan won the first round since Alissa was exhausted, he didn't feel victorious. Not only did he have to use all his INT potions to increase his magic powers, but he also had to use several mana potions. Meanwhile, Alissa didn't use a single one. The good side of that was that the Mage class leveled up ten times in just five minutes.

"I guess it is actually possible to make the Mage class reach the max level before Alissa leaves," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I should put my classes aside for the time being."

"To think that you would cause this much damage without using your crossbows" Alissa said, visibly annoyed. "I guess I was getting carried away."

"Did you have any class that reached the max level?" Ryan asked.

"No, what of it?" Alissa asked. "I am pretty sure that such a thing has nothing to do with this."

"So, you just use whatever skill you want when you are fighting without putting much thought into it?" Ryan frowned.

"Yep," Alissa replied. "Aside from those two demons, I have yet to find a worthy enemy that will force me to use strategy or something as boring as that."

Ryan sighed when he heard that. Alissa sometimes was just too much in the end, he explained to her about the special classes, and when night came, he showed her the might of his Lunar Arrow. Even in her draconic form, Alissa tried to block the attack. She succeeded, but in the end, the place was burning quite a bit. After that, she tried to dodge the attack, but even though she knew the magic projectile would come from the same direction as the moon, she wasn't fast enough. Her tail got hit by it, and then she spent several minutes applying cold water in the burned area.

"What the hell was that?" Alissa asked in disbelief. "How come a skill that has such a low-level of mana can be so fast and so powerful?"

"You already know why, it is a light-type spell and your resistance against that is low," Orgar explained.

"So, it is really like that," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Although this skill had some hidden bonuses due to the class it belongs to."

"What class?" Alissa asked.

"Artemis' disciple," Ryan replied.

"The Greek goddess of the hunt and the moon?" Alissa frowned. "That is a weird name for a class"

"I couldn't agree more," Ryan shrugged.

For a while, Alissa considered the potential of those special classes. Lunar Arrow was a fine example of how they could be interesting to have. Still, in the end, Ryan's thirst for power was what made her decide to pursue those classes as well. Even though his pride gets in his way many times, he still reached a point where he could wound her pretty deeply. Even though he could do that only at night because that was the condition to use Lunar Arrow.

Ryan continued to use Wind Blade in order to level up his Mage class. Still, his progress speed decreased a little since Alissa used several skills in order to level their classes that were at high-level. Despite that, Ryan still managed to reach his goal.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Elementalist, Sage, and Mage? Y/N?

With a large grin on his face, Ryan chose yes. As expected, those moments where he had no idea what exactly would happen next were insanely exciting. To the point where he could even forget that Earth was quickly approaching a chaotic era like no other

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1