Chapter 512: Champion

Chapter 512: Champion

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Champion, Rogue, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Champion!

You obtained the following skills: Ki Explosion, Tiger Stance, and Tiger Cannon.

Your strength and health will increase by four points. Your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ki Explosion.

Effect: It grants you the power to cause an explosion around your body that will cause equal damage to all the enemies around you.

Cost: 100 health, 100 mana, 100 stamina.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tiger Stance.

Effect: It passively increases the attack speed of your unarmed attacks by two percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tiger Cannon.

Effect: It grants you the power to send a shockwave through your hands that causes magical and physical damage.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan spent the entire night cleaning a nearby area of monsters that a certain dungeon had spawned. While it had been pretty difficult at the start, Ryan managed to fight while using only the skills he obtained from the last class he received. While the new class wasn't that impressive, Ryan obtained some nice spoils.

Mirage Crossbow (+8)

Effect: at the cost of 100 points of mana, it grants the user the chance to fire invisible bolts.

Dexterity + 144, Intelligence + 144

Durability: 120/120

It was kind of surprising that Ryan never heard of the Invisible Treants before. In any case, despite their convenient skill to become semi-invisible, they were shorter than the other treants. They were much frailer as well to the point where Ryan could defeat them with Headbutts. He spent the night spamming that skill in order or level up his Viking class.

"I am not satisfied with my level of power, but I guess clearing two dungeons and getting two classes every day is a pretty decent feat," Ryan nodded to himself when he arrived in his domain. "Now I guess I need to have another goal related with special classes obtaining one of them every week seems close to impossible, but how about one every two weeks?"

While Ryan was thinking about that, he noticed that things in his domain were awfully quiet. Usually, Furball would come to greet him, but this time he didn't do that. Fortunately, if Femradiel didn't warn him of anything, Ryan knew that nothing serious had happened. After a while, Ryan noticed that the number of his Fire Golems had decreased and that Furball and several of them were fighting inside the specters' dungeon.

Death's Specter Lv 110

Health: 3500/3500

Mana: 6500/6500

Stamina: 2500/2500

Strength: 300 (+130)

Dexterity: 700

Speed: 800

Intelligence: 950 (+170)

Endurance: 500

Control: 1150

Mentality: 800 (+250)

Luck: 150

Recovery: 2000

Willpower: 800 (+250)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Alert Lv 80, Focus Lv 60, Spearmanship Lv 50, Intangibility Lv 120

Spells: Health Steal Lv 70, Mana Steal Lv 70, Stamina Steal Lv 70, Spectral Absorption Lv 60

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 50, Cold Resistance Lv 50, Shock Resistance Lv 50, Death Sense Lv 70

"It looks like the leveling up speed of my Fire Golems isn't keeping up with them," Ryan said and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I knew this was going to happen, but not so soon"

While Ryan could summon an undetermined number of monsters to guard his domain, they had a level cap. That was a major flaw in his strategy, given that the monsters that the dungeons spawn don't have such a limit. In the last few days, Ryan assigned his Red Falcons on the guard duty as well to make them stronger. Still, as expected, not even them could become stronger than tier three monsters.

That was the limit of Ryan's strategy to rely on monsters to help him. At the end, that made Ryan realize that perhaps the dungeon system, at least when it comes down to humans, was only useful when the dungeon master can use many of them to do certain things. Thanks to the classes, they could become strong faster than most monsters. However, Ryan wouldn't give up yet. He summoned and then lent him one of his crossbows. After doing some tests, Ryan confirmed some things.

"Not good, huh" Ryan said and then sighed. "Already knew that summoned monsters can't learn skills that easily, but I guess it is also a waste of time to lend them some weapons.

The only ideas Ryan had to solve that situation at the moment were to rely on other necromancer's skills or just head to Canada and then tame some skeletons. The second option didn't seem that appealing, but the first option seemed pretty difficult.

"You did well, buddy," Ryan said to Furball. "It is a pity you can't use weapons. Well, not that you need it."

For the time being, Ryan just summoned several other Fire Golems and gave the order to Furball to keep doing that job of helping in clearing certain dungeons when the necessity arises. However, since that was risky. Ryan created some equipment for him that would increase his resistance against monsters, such as the specters that can steal health, mana, and stamina.

"I guess Femradiel is busy fighting and projecting the next body," Ryan said after he realized that she didn't come up with an excuse not to help Furball.

In the end, it looked like Ryan will have to improvise again. Summoning classes were hard to come by. He certainly couldn't ask Mark or the others for information about the dungeons in which will grant him those classes. He refused to help them time and time again, after all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1