Chapter 516: Underwater

Chapter 516: Underwater

Ryan got curious about the subject, so he asked a little more about the Hydras to Gustavo. According to him, they were essentially invincible in the ocean. While they could be wounded, they could heal insanely fast. Gustavo and his friends didn't even have the chance to try to behead one and see what would happen. So, they were unaware if those creatures could obtain two more heads when they lose one.

Before he could notice, Ryan created a massive pool and then entered it to train his Underwater Resistance. While that was beyond unpleasant, Ryan discovered that he could increase his time underwater by using Regeneration and other healing spells. Thanks to his health, Ryan could stay for quite a while underwater, but losing health for being unable to breathe was, again, beyond unpleasant.

"No Water Breathing technique, huh," Ryan said between one of the training sessions he used to level up Underwater Resistance. "It is a high-level skill so, maybe I should clear some more tier three dungeons to find it."

There was also the possibility that Ryan could obtain a class that would have that skill, but the chances were quite low. That would be one heck of a specific class, after all. While Ryan was readying himself for another training session. Femradiel approached in her Wyrm form.

"You are doing something weird again" Femradiel said. "Did I miss something?"

"It looks like some troublesome dungeon master managed to take over the Southern side of the Atlantic Ocean," Ryan replied. "I want to check how things are on our side."

"Permission to say that is one of your stupidest ideas," Femradiel said.

"Permission not granted," Ryan said.

"This is serious Ryan, there is no doubt in my mind that humans aren't creatures made to fight underwater," Femradiel said.

"Well, I am human, but I also am Night Demon, Lesser Dragon, Centaur" Ryan shrugged.

"None of those bloodlines grant you any skill that makes you stronger underwater," Femradiel said. "Underwater, your powers will be at least halved. You might be able to surprise some enemies, but most of them will be able to feel your presence from a similar distance. Your eyesight will be way less effective due to the density of the water. Not to mention, even with your new body that can't be compared with the ones humans had in the past, you can't survive if you were pulled to a certain distance below sea level. You would need certain skills to survive that and you don't have a single one."

"If things get dire, I can always use Teleport," Ryan said.

"Your optimism always comes at the worst of the times" Femradiel said. "Well, it looks like you are determined to fight in the ocean no matter what. So, I guess I will have to help you. I believe I have a lot more experience than you at fighting in such a place."

"You didn't notice several things lately, even though your spirit is supposed to be inside me," Ryan said. "Are you sure you can control remotely those two familiars while also offering me some support?"

"I can't guarantee that I won't make any mistakes, but this will be good training for me, I need to get used to being at three places at the same time, after all," Femradiel said.

Although Femradiel was treating that as training, he couldn't complain since he would need all the help he could get. Besides, her power to find dungeons would really come in handy Hopefully, he won't have to face too many bosses before he gets the chance to clear them.

Femradiel tried to teach Ryan some techniques that would allow him to stay underwater without suffering damage. Still, in the end, those required way too much control over mana, and Ryan wasn't that good at it. So, he will have to increase his ability to stay underwater in a hard way.

After training that skill nonstop for a full day, Ryan felt confident that he could stay underwater for at least half an hour while maintaining his state of almost total composure. So, once again, he left Furball in guard duty while he teleported to the country's East Coast. Upon arriving there, Femradiel got unusually confused.

"I never investigated these parts, but" Femradiel hesitated.

"But?" Ryan asked.

"There are too many dungeons near this coast," Femradiel said. "That is weird since we can't see a single monster leaving the ocean."

"Give me an exact number," Ryan said.

"I can sense a few dozen pretty easily since they are tier two dungeons, but there might be more even deeper," Femradiel said. "I won't be able to track them down unless you use Draconic Transformation and approach deeper levels."

"That skill again, huh" Ryan said.

"It can't be helped, the level of mana in the ocean is much higher than I remember, that works like a barrier that more or less decreases the power of tracking skill," Femradiel explained.

As usual, Draconic Transformation could help Ryan quite a lot. Femradiel didn't mention it, but it was possible that it would grant Ryan the chance to stay underwater for an unlimited amount of time. After all, the first time he found Femradiel, she was hiding underwater.

"How deep are those tier two dungeons?" Ryan asked.

"It is within the range of how far you can go," Femradiel said. "I can give you the exact location, the pressure might cause some problems in your ears if you teleport to them."

"There is that as well, huh" Ryan said and then sighed. "Great."

"Of course, that isn't a problem if" Femradiel said.

"If I use Draconic Transformation" Ryan said. "Dear me, you sure love that body."

"We are prideful creatures, you didn't forget it, right?" Femradiel asked.

"How could I forget it, you are always nearby to remind me," Ryan shrugged.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan jumped into the ocean, and much to his surprise, the water was a lot colder than it was supposed to be. Femradiel wasn't joking when she mentioned the mana level in the oceans

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1