Chapter 510: New Class

Chapter 510: New Class

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Viking, Combat Archer, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Viking!

You obtained the following skills: Flurry, Bash, and Headbutt.

Your strength and health will increase by four points, your mana, stamina, speed, and endurance will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Flurry.

Effect: Based on the number of stamina consumed, it lands a flurry of near-instant hits on the target.

Cost: 30 stamina per hit.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bash.

Effect: It used a shield to smash the head of your target, causing massive damage and stunning them for a second.

Cost: 50 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Headbutt.

Effect: It grants you the power to harden your head and deliver a surprise attack using your head as a weapon. The strike will paralyze the foe for two seconds after the attack.

Cost: 30 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

After clearing the dungeon and opening the treasure chest, that was the surprise that he had. Since he only had a single option, he couldn't complain about the skills, but Viking class certainly had some too simplistic skills

"Using these skills to clear the next dungeon will be a real pain in the ass" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Before leaving the dungeon, Ryan checked the dungeon shop to see what types of summoning skills he could learn. Much to his disappointment, he could only buy the tomes: Ice Golem, Magma Golem, Electric Golem, and Steel Golem.

"With the exception of Giant Bee, all the summons are inorganic creatures why?" Ryan asked while frowning.

While those types of golems were quite useful in their own right, Ryan was expecting to be able to summon far more powerful and useful monsters than golems. With the monster book, Ryan could summon all types of monsters, from goblins to Steel Eagles. However, he couldn't actually summon them unless he obtains a new dungeon for each type of monster and assigns them to a dungeon.

Since they would be useful to slow down and freeze some monsters when a new army arrives and try to attack his domain, in the end, Ryan bought the Summon Ice Golem tome, and that cost him five million coins.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Ice Golem.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a special variation of the original golem.

Cost: 3000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Ice Golem  Lv 01

Health: 600/600

Mana: 600/600

Stamina: 600/600

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 200

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 1000

Endurance: 700

Control: 200

Mentality: 600

Luck: 100

Recovery: 700

Willpower: 600

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Freezing Punch Lv 15, Ice Fortress Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 20, Focus Lv 20

Spells: Ice Arrow Lv 20, Ice Trap Lv 10,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 50, Freezing Resistance Lv 50

As expected, they were a bit stronger since they cost more mana to be summoned. In any case, leveling them up would be a pain since they were too weak if compared to most monsters in the world. Ryan will have to be patient and let them become stronger while they just exist. However, he had another idea when he noticed that the sun was setting.

"It is time to pay them a visit," Ryan smirked.

Ryan activated Silent Movement and then used Teleport. He repeated that several times until he reached the Reptilians camp one hour after. Although things were pretty dark, he easily found the monsters' base. Things changed greatly since the last time Ryan had been there. Not only the Reptilians increased the area of their base, but they also built several buildings and even created some ice walls to protect everything inside from attack by unwelcome guests.

"Ice Golems aren't a good match up against them, but I guess it is fine," Ryan said. "I just want to make them level up a little bit while I also destroy the base of those fuckers."

While that was possible and a pretty good idea, given that it would be a pain to let those creatures attack his domain whenever they have enough strength, Ryan had to be fast. As far as he knew, only a single person had the nerves to attack the Reptilians before and anyone who worked for Echidna. That someone was Ryan himself, so before Echidna noticed that he was doing something and reinforcements, Ryan had to finish his job really quick.

"They have three dungeons here come to think of it, what will happen if I try to obtain a class that I sacrificed?" Ryan frowned since he had no idea what would happen. "Can I recover that class? I need to test that later"

Ryan was pretty sure that would be impossible since he still had the skills of those classes, but it was worth the shot. Before Ryan could get even more sidetracked, he began to summon Ice Golems. While he was using potions like crazy since he didn't deactivate Silent Movement, Ryan never took his eyes out of the Reptilians base. Those creatures should have to get used to being attacked by monsters now and then, but not by humans. So, that much caution was absolutely necessary.

"I guess I will have to sacrifice these guys since teleporting them back to my domain will take too much time," Ryan concluded after he summoned the hundredth ice golem. "Well forcing them in suicidal charge will probably make them level up faster"

Ryan realized that was something his enemies have been doing quite often, but in the end. It wasn't like he had any other choice

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1