Chapter 519: Unpleasant Surprise

Chapter 519: Unpleasant surprise

Even without its legs, the boss could move much faster than Femradiel. Although the creature was suffering some damage from her attacks, it wasn't nearly enough to stop or even slow down the boss. At some point, the creature got close enough and impaled Ryan's right shoulder with the trident. However, Femradiel instantly healed the wound.

"Hey" Ryan thought since he was unable to keep quiet any longer.

"My bad, my bad," Femradiel said. "It won't happen again."

Ryan wanted to know how come Femradiel could affirm that so easily, but in the end, what she said turned out to be true. He didn't realize it before, but Femradiel has been attacking the boss with the magic copies of his Immobilizing Crossbow, and the monster was quickly losing its speed. After that first attack, the boss never had the chance to get close enough for its trident to even scratch Ryan's body.

Once the boss's speed dropped, Femradiel's aim naturally improved, and the monster became unable to dodge or even block most of her attacks. Despite the fact that the power that Ryan's body had been halved, the monster didn't even last five minutes.

You obtained 125.000 coins.

"I guess I underestimated this creature as well" Femradiel said. "I forgot to mention it, but while the power of your body has been halved due to the environment, the aquatic monsters overall power increased by thirty percent."

Ryan noticed that at some point in the fight. That was why the fight lasts longer than it was supposed to, considering that their target was just a tier two monster. Even though the creature was at level 550

Much to Ryan's surprise, the monster's equipment disappeared when the creature fell dead. However, the trident didn't. He didn't analyze the weapon before, but it seemed a pretty decent one.

Atlantis Knight 's Trident.

Effect: It increases the damage caused by your physical attacks by twenty percent while fighting underwater.

Strength + 150, Speed + 120

Durability: 50/200

Atlantis Ryan didn't like to see that name again. Atlantis, according to Greek mythology, was Poseidon's kingdom. The pride of the god of the oceans and brother of Zeus suppose Poseidon was really the one controlling the seas. In that case, he would probably be the first Olympian god to manifest himself on Earth. Ryan naturally would slow down that as much as possible. Still, just the idea of drawing the wrath of the Olympian gods to himself was enough to make his head hurt.

"First the six generals of hell and now the Greek gods" Ryan thought. "Why does my life have to be so intense?"

Before that thought could depress Ryan even further, he decided to open the treasure chest. Checking the purple crystal was out of the question since he didn't want to risk seeing a Greek god at such a time.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Barbarian, Archer, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Barbarian!

You obtained the following skills: Deathblow, Defend, and Inspire.

Your strength and health will increase by four points, your mana, stamina, speed, and endurance will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deathblow.

Effect: A powerful horizontal swing that increases in power while you charge at the enemy.

Cost: 50 stamina.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Defend.

Effect: It temporarily increases your defense against long-ranged attacks by raising a shield and entering a defensive posture. The damage decreased will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 30 stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Inspire.

Effect: It temporarily increases the mentality and willpower of your allies by ten points per level when fighting in the frontlines.

Cost: 30 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan picked another melee class, which was the sixth in a row that only increased his melee-related status. While Ryan was satisfied that he was sturdier, it was a pity that fighting up-close with those new classes was a suicide in such an environment.

After obtaining his newest class, Ryan left the dungeon and then returned to the surface. Things had been far less dangerous and time-consuming in the ocean than he had predicted. However, Ryan didn't drop his guard.

"I bet my Ice Golems can survive underwater, but the difference in power between them and the Azure Seahorses is too big," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Even hundreds of them probably won't be able to hold back the Atlantis Knights for more than a couple of minutes."

"The elemental affinity is also a problem," Femradiel added. "They won't cause any real damage. Maybe at level one hundred, the Electric Golems will be able to do something, but it will take a while for you to make them reach that level."

Ryan could only nod at it. Still, he couldn't waste time thinking about the problems he couldn't solve. The only thing he could do right at that moment was to confirm if Poseidon really was the one who was going to spawn first. Letting that happen would be disastrous since seventy percent of the Earth's surface was made of water, and given what Poseidon could do based on mythology, he alone probably could destroy the entire world.

"Where is the next dungeon, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"So, you want more, huh," Femradiel said. "I guess this will be the start of a very long mission"

Despite the fact that she fought pretty well in the ocean, it looked like Femradiel wasn't that fond of it. Regardless, at least she didn't try to stop Ryan again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1