Chapter 513: Immobilizing Crossbow

Chapter 513: Immobilizing Crossbow

Although it was possible, summoning all types of creatures wasn't the most efficient way to level up the Summoner class. The most efficient way was to use Summon Slime, Summon Giant Bee, and use Protect. In order not to mess up with his plans of using his newest class to clear the next dungeon, Ryan decided to use the Giant Bees to guard the Centaur Archers' dungeon. Despite the fact that only a few of them would be able to attack the Centaurs that will spawn, Ryan filled the entire dungeon with them in order for the place to remain guarded for at least a few days and also because Ryan wanted to level up his class and skill.

Congratulations! The Summoner class reached level 80.

Congratulations! The skill Summon Giant Bee reached level 75.

"I guess this will be enough for the time being, let's check in a few days how many times the class and the skill will manage to level up," Ryan said.

Ryan left his domain again, but instead of looking for the next dungeon to be cleared, he went to the slimes' dungeon. Clearing the place had been easy since he had left some monsters behind to guard the place, and they were still working. Ryan even had the idea of using the slimes to create a new crossbow. However, the treasure chest didn't open when he tried it.

"I guess it is really impossible," Ryan shrugged. "Well, at least I managed to obtain a new weapon with an interesting effect."

Immobilizing Crossbow (+8)

Effect: at the cost of fifty points of mana, it grants you the power to fire crossbows that put your enemies under the slow status for thirty seconds when they are hit by the bolts. Each projectile decreases their speed by five points.

Dexterity + 136, Intelligence + 136

Durability: 120/120

In the end, the weapon was slightly weaker if compared to the last one since Ryan used the spirits of the slimes, but that didn't bother him. While humming, which was a rare occurrence, Ryan left the dungeon, only to be surprised by the arrival of some unexpected individuals. Tristan, Natalia, and some other survivors from the secret base.

"You" Natalia said as if she was munching something very unpleasant.

Natalia's hostility didn't surprise Ryan, but he couldn't help but frown due to the fact that Tristan seemed even more pissed than his sister. In fact, Ryan could clearly see that he was about to start the fight. He was barely preventing himself from doing something stupid since he knew that they had no chance against Ryan, even less so if he uses Draconic Transformation.

"You have guts kid, and you have a brain as well," Ryan said. "I guess you will survive for long."

Tristan clicked his tongue in annoyance. Although Ryan wasn't exactly taunting him, Tristan couldn't hear anything but mockery coming from Ryan's mouth. In any case, while it was only natural that he would be received with much hostility even by some people who he didn't even know, Ryan was getting quite pissed. To the point where he even considered playing the role of the villain even further. If some people don't have the courage to face their enemies, then they shouldn't have the luxury to expose their hatred toward them.

"What are you guys doing here?" Ryan asked and then equipped his newest crossbow. That immediately made the other survivors, aside from Tristan and Natalia to back down.

"We don't owe you any explanations," Natalia replied. "What are you doing here?"

"I don't owe you any explanations," Ryan replied.

Natalia clicked her tongue as well, and, in the end, she just guided the people that were with them to inside the dungeon. Ryan couldn't help but shrug since that behavior was cute, if anything. They certainly need to practice how to make their anger look a bit more menacing.

"Don't try anything funny in there, this place is under my control," Ryan said.

"What are you going to do if we don't care about your useless claims?" Natalia asked. "Are you going to put on another show again?"

"No way, bad kids don't deserve to see a spectacle," Ryan replied. "Bad kids need to be punished."

" You have disappointed me, Ryan," Tristan said without trying to hide the hatred in his eyes.

"I wonder how I am going to live with myself after hearing this" Ryan shrugged.

After understanding that nothing would come from continuing that conversation, Tristan, Natalia, and the others entered the dungeon. That was a bit annoying, but Ryan had to stay behind in order to confirm that they won't cause problems. That dungeon was another source of income for Ryan, and since no one claimed ownership of that place before, now it belonged to Ryan.

In any case, they probably came this far to discover why the number of slimes had decreased. It was only obvious that they wouldn't return to that area without a good reason. Moreover, the survivors didn't look as exhausted compared with the last time Ryan saw them, so that confirmed what Alissa said about the change in their behavior.

After a while, the group left the dungeon and the area without looking behind or saying anything. Ryan felt more or less good about how he forced them to change. Now he was pretty sure that they wouldn't become a burden when the real fight starts. That being said, he was a bit worried about how their behavior changed Arthur and Zoe's life inside the base. Ryan didn't want to use Clairvoyance to check with his own eyes how those two were doing, but he doubted that Alissa's reports alone would put his mind at ease.

"Oh, well," Ryan said. "About that anything bad will happen to them while Alissa stays there and they also know that things will get messy for them if I discover something that I don't like. For the good or worse, Mia is also there and I doubt that she will let anything happen to those two, so it is fine."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1