Chapter 518: Darkness

Chapter 518: Darkness

After going to the surface to breathe for a while, Ryan returned to underwater and then headed to the dungeon as fast as possible. He felt that his ears were a bit weird since he was going downward too fast, but it looked like his body was adapting fairly fast to the environment.

Although the dungeon was completely dark, thanks to Dark Vision, Ryan could see his surroundings fairly well. He did the right thing in training that skill previously However, that skill wasn't a level high enough to grant Ryan the power to see far ahead in the darkness. So, he only found the boss's presence thanks to Radar instead of thanks to his eyes.

"Shit forget about preemptive strikes, I won't even be able to see the last part of the dungeon completely like this," Ryan thought.

"I can see things fairly well here," Femradiel said. "So, you can leave the fight to me. While it is pretty a decent foe, I should be able to defeat it using your skills alone. You can focus on using potions."

"But that is" Ryan hesitated.

"If you didn't put so many restrictions in yourself, this fight would be a breeze," Femradiel said. "Besides, as far as I can tell, that one is a tier two monster. You shouldn't feel that troubled by this."

Although Femradiel would be using her instincts and Ryan's skills to fight, he still couldn't help but feel troubled by it. It was only natural that he would need some support to fight underwater. Still, he didn't imagine he would have to leave an entire boss fight in Femradiel's hands.

In any case, while Ryan could rely on Radar to fight, aiming properly wouldn't be the same thing as before. Ryan wouldn't even be able to use Perfect Aim or Deadly Aim, after all. He had to have a clear vision of the foe. Given the current range of Dark Vision, Ryan would have to get too close, and that would nullify his advantage completely as a long-ranged fighter.

"For someone who can take pride in your decision-making speed, you sure think too much about the small stuff," Femradiel said. "Relax, in a few hours, Dark Vision should be powerful enough and make you completely able to see your foes in places like this. Remember, you are wasting your breath while you hesitate."

"All right, then," Ryan thought. "Let's see if this idea of yours is really plausible."

Ryan gave Femradiel the chance to control his body. Then he focused his mind on using Spatial Manipulation and Telekinesis only. After a few seconds, Femradiel used Teleport and suddenly appeared in front of the boss. Ryan should have asked about her battle plan

Atlantis Knight Lv 550

Health: 125.000/125.000

Mana: 175.000/175.000

Stamina: 75.000/75.000

Strength: 8000 (+ 1300)

Dexterity: 6500 (+ 1200)

Speed: 3500 (+ 900)

Intelligence: 12500 (+ 1800)

Endurance: 4200 (+ 800)

Control: 4500 (+ 900)

Mentality: 6500 (+ 800)

Luck: 2500 (+ 300)

Recovery: 40.000 (+ 10.000)

Willpower: 6500 (+ 800)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Aquatic Charge Lv 500, Death Blow Lv 450,

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Intelligence Lv 450, Improved Recovery Lv 550, Swim Lv 700

Spells: Water Cannon Lv 550, Ice Spear Lv 500,

Support Skills: Cryomancy Lv 550, Hydromancy Lv 600, Cold Resistance Lv 800, Water Breathing Lv Max

Although Femradiel said that the enemy wasn't that strong, Ryan had the chance to use Appraisal when she got too close and confirmed that certainly wasn't the case. Putting the name that made Ryan worry aside, that boss certainly was at the level where he could defeat the previous Femradiel in the ocean.

The boss resembled quite a bit the Azure Seahorses. Still, that one actually had arms and legs, and he also had a pretty fit body. It looked like, unlike its minions, the boss would rather fight in close quarters. The monster not only had a fit body, but it also had a blue-spiked helmet and a breastplate made of corals that looked like diamonds.

Instead of asking if she had lost her mind, Ryan began to use potions left and right while Femradiel summoned several Magic Bows and attacked the boss. The creature also had a trident, but despite the melee weapon, the boss just repelled the attacks and tried to gain some distance over them.

Despite the fact that they actually had the advantage in a long and medium ranged fight, Femradiel kept following the boss and getting closer with Teleport. Eventually, Femradiel noticed that was a waste of time. The boss was just too fast.

Ryan didn't notice it since Femradiel had been pretty cautious about it and because of the darkness of the place. Still, then when the boss finally stopped moving, he saw that Alissa had laid some traps here and there. While he was moving around, Alissa created some steel grains. She made them attack the boss's body while it was moving around and dodging her magic attacks. Those grains quickly moved toward the monster's legs and then began to pull it down after it took a shake of some sharp-looking shackles.

While the monster was receiving some damage since it was resisting, Femradiel prepared a big attack. However, before she could actually attack, the boss attacked the shackles. A single attack had been enough to make the creature give up on its legs. As soon as the attack was repelled by the weirdly sturdy shackles, they proceeded to cut off its own legs. Everything below its knees had been sacrificed.

"Holy shit I didn't think even monsters could do that so easily," Ryan frowned.

In order not to fall for the same trick twice, the monster gave up on the strategy of moving away from the enemy. The monster charged, and Ryan barely saw the creature closing the distance between them. Femradiel did and used his shield to block the attack. However, a single attack had been enough to shatter it into pieces. Ryan wanted to scream, but he didn't do it. Despite the fact, that was one heck of an expensive shield.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1