Chapter 523: Royal Guard

Chapter 523: Royal guard

In the end, clearing an underwater dungeon at night was just too reckless, even for Ryan's standards. So, Ryan decided to wait until morning, but he waited while he was underwater. The reason being the effect of the Aquatic Hunter Crossbow. When the weapon reached the eighth upgrade, the bonus damage increased considerably. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan also equipped the previous crossbow that he had made, the one who would raise his intelligence for a time.

"That is quite the combination you have there," Femradiel said. "But unless you are fast enough, you will lose the bonus of intelligence of the other crossbow."

"I know, and that is why I waited until now," Ryan said. "Thanks to sunlight, I won't miss all that much."

Although Ryan felt pretty confident with that strategy, staying underwater for several hours without proper equipment was beyond weird. While his body could withstand the environment and even recover after a couple of minutes of rest, there was no way a human would like to stay wet all the fucking time.

Regardless, before Ryan could reach the limit, he decided to attack. There was no point in wasting time, so he wouldn't be able to use his stealthy skills.

When Ryan approached the dungeon, the monster felt his presence and proceeded to move toward him. However, each one of them fell after a single second when Ryan hit them with his newest crossbow, the Aquatic crossbow, and a magic copy of his Titanium Electric Bow. While Ryan had to fire three times with each one of them, it doesn't change the fact that he had been fast and used less mana than he used with Lunar Arrow.

You obtained 250 coins.

You obtained 250 coins.

You obtained 250 coins.

"Not bad, huh," Ryan thought. "This strategy is relatively simple, but extremely useful."

"It would be weird given how many weapons you have, that at some point, you wouldn't be able to do at least this much," Femradiel said. "In any case, you don't have time to celebrate yet."

Ryan managed to slay the Tritons that were in the area, but many others were spread around. The number was pretty significant since they spawned freely, at least for a few days, without being bothered. Regardless, Ryan massaged them before they could get too close. It was a pity that whenever those creatures die, their equipment also disappears. Otherwise, Ryan would be able to make a killing by selling since they looked pretty high level.

Thanks to his magic weapons, it looked like Ryan managed to decrease considerably the difficulty of fighting underwater. However, he didn't expect things would be that convenient even though he barely had the chance to use the Aquatic Crossbow.

In any case, Ryan decided to hurry up and clear the next dungeon to take a break. After a full day of investigation, he didn't find a single answer to his questions. He had some hypotheses, but that wasn't enough.

Much to Ryan's surprise, the interior of the next dungeon was covered in a coral reef. Now that he didn't have to worry about enemies trying to surround him, he noticed that the waters were crystal clear. As expected, the dungeon master of that place probably lived in a world of very clean water. That environment was beginning to show itself on Earth.

Atlantis Royal Guard Lv 600

Health: 162.000/162.000

Mana: 143.000/143.000

Stamina: 112.000/112.000

Strength: 9500 (+ 1200)

Dexterity: 4300 (+ 800)

Speed: 5100 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 6500 (+ 800)

Endurance: 5100 (+ 900)

Control: 4500 (+ 600)

Mentality: 6500 (+ 600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 58.000 (+ 4000)

Willpower: 6500 (+ 600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Aquatic Charge Lv 400, Harpoon Lv 300

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 350, Improved Recovery Lv 300, Swim Lv 600

Spells: Water Cannon Lv 350, Ice Spear Lv 300

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 600, Water Breathing Lv 600, Hydromancy Lv 500, Electric Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 150

Due to the fact that the coral reefs were emitting a lot of light in the last part of the dungeon, Ryan found the boss pretty easily. Fortunately, fighting in such a place wouldn't be that difficult, at least in theory. The boss's status was beyond impressive. If Ryan receives critical damage, he might die.

"I hate to say this Ryan, but you shouldn't underestimate this guy," Femradiel said. "You might not last long without Draconic Transformation. A fight against a boss of this level will take a lot of time and the effects of the ring were about to end."

"Well then, I guess I need to be fast," Ryan thought.

Ryan didn't feel that compelled to use Draconic Transformation against the boss. While he was completely aware that the fight was going to be difficult, there were other ways to decrease the difficulty. A good preemptive strike was one of them.

Although he didn't test what he learned before in the Giant Mantis' world until now, Ryan decided to do that. He stored away his crossbows for a while on his back and then equipped his Titanium Electric Bow. When the arrow appeared, he charged Power Shot and also used Wind Creation and Wind Transformation around the projectile. Thanks to the vast amounts of mana Ryan was using, it didn't take long for the projectile to become as big as a spear made of lightning.

Congratulations! The skill Wind Creations has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Wind Creations has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Wind Creations has leveled up.

Despite the constant and surprisingly good notifications, Ryan didn't lower his guard. The reason being the boss was looking at him. Despite the fact that he knew that a big attack was coming, the big Triton had no intention of moving from its spot. Strangely enough, the creature was right in front of the purple crystal. As if he knew that someone might try a preemptive strike and wanted to use some fools to cause a dungeon break. Ryan noticed that possibility, but even after that, he didn't manage to relax. The boss was just too confident

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1