Chapter 529: Preparation

Chapter 529: Preparation

Femradiel had no idea how much Ryan actually learned after the failure. Still, she concluded it hadn't been much since he spent the entire day doing nothing and just stayed in the same place he had been when he attacked the Hydra.

The truth is, Ryan didn't spend the day doing nothing. Femradiel just didn't know what he had done. After sunset, Ryan approached the ocean, then suddenly and out of nowhere, something jumped from the completely dark ocean. Even Femradiel didn't notice the Hydra's approach, but Ryan did. Despite that, the Hydra approached faster than he could escape with Teleport and ate him as a whole.

"HHUUUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAARREERRGGGGGGGGHHHH."

Before the monster could fall into the ocean, the creature screamed from the depths of its soul. Ryan watched the monster vomit a lot of blood, but he wasn't done yet. Ten shooting stars passed through the dark sky and hit the Hydra. Despite the low level, that Ryan's most powerful offensive skill and yet, it barely pierced the monster's face.

"You really have Steel nerves," Femradiel said. "I didn't notice when you hid the Spiritualists Spears in the ocean and used Substitution. You also had the chance to fire ten Lunar Arrows too bad that all that only made the Hydra lose fifty percent of its health."

Ryan couldn't help but feel annoyed since Femradiel managed to see his plan in action, even though he tried really hard to shut her smart mouth. However, Ryan didn't give up yet.

After decreasing his altitude again, Ryan waited for another surprise attack that never came. As expected, even though the creature was a monster, it wouldn't fall for the same trick twice. Ryan used Search to track the monster during the whole day, and he still was using it to confirm that the Hydra was around. However, even though the monster was close enough and Ryan was walking on the ocean's surface, the creature didn't try to attack him.

"What a troublesome monster" Ryan said and then sighed. "It already knows that it can't surprise me, but it is violent enough not to leave alone a prey like me."

In the end, Ryan decided to accept some risks in order to try to kill the monster before it can heal or try to get rid of the spears inside its mouth. Ryan deactivated Water Walking, and then he began to sink. Still, he only felt the Hydra's movements when he was almost one hundred meters below sea level.

This time, much to Femradiel and the Hydra's surprise, Ryan didn't try any trick. He was hit in full by the Hydra's face, but before the monster could eat him, the creature trembled viciously.

"Seriously how can you go this far and not use Draconic Transformation?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan almost passed out from the impact, and by the speed, the Hydra could move. Still, not only he endured and survived the attack, but he also managed to use Telepathy and make the spears inside the Hydra's mouth pierce the beast's flesh even further. The pain slowed down the beast, who tried to shake off Ryan, who was semi-stuck between the monster's teeth.

Ryan summoned his Magic Bows and then attacked again with his bolts that could decrease endurance and speed. However, even though he was firing and hitting the insides of the monster's mouth, he barely was causing any real damage. As if that wasn't bad enough, the Hydra suddenly stopped moving to the sides and then began to dive downward.

"Crap, this is bad" Ryan thought in shock.

Ryan tried to move away from the monster, but he failed, and, in the end, he ended up teleporting himself and the beast to outside the ocean. For some reason, that cost a lot more mana than usual, but at least Ryan escaped from the monster's devious plan.

Since they weren't in the ocean, there wasn't much the Hydra could do, so Ryan tried to free himself only to fail miserably again. Before he could think of anything, the weather in the area suddenly changed. A massive downpour began to fall, and lightning bolts began to hit the ocean. The light emitted by them made Ryan see something that he didn't like in the distance. Dozens of incredibly large whirlwinds were moving toward him and the Hydra.

"I guess this is the special skill of the Hydra's, the dragon's rage," Femradiel said.

"Why are you so calm and talk as if this problem isn't yours?" Ryan asked. "I am pretty sure this skill has another name."

Before Ryan could complain, even more, he and the Hydra fell on the ocean again. However, the monster made sure to let its face out of water in order to split him apart from the whirlwinds. Ryan panicked as they approached and tried to focus his Telekinesis on a single spear, the one who was closest to the monster's brain. Still, despite that, he failed at preventing the attack.

"Now is the time, Ryan," Femradiel said.

Although Ryan wanted to say no, it looked like this time he didn't have any other choice. However, in the end, Ryan decided to bet his life anyway. Who would die first? He or the Hydra? To make sure things would be as unpleasant as possible for the Hydra, Ryan summoned a Fire Golem inside the monster's mouth and immediately made the creature self-destruct.

The whirlwinds that were already pulling Ryan away from the monster's mouth lost some power and speed, but soon they recovered.

"I guess it isn't going to be that easy" Ryan said and then sighed.

The whirlwinds finally pulled Ryan away from the Hydra. However, he had to pay the price for it. The monster's teeth dilacerated everything below his waist, and once again, the pain almost made him faint.

Before the power of the winds could pull Ryan's limbs from his body, he used Teleport to escape to the most unexpected place to inside the Hydra's mouth, who was already deep underwater.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1