Chapter 525: Endurance

Chapter 525: Endurance

Ignoring Femradiel's words, in just a few seconds, Ryan turned the whole crystal-clear water of the last part of the dungeon into a deadly prison of poisonous water in a matter of seconds. Just as Ryan had expected, the poison wasn't escaping from the dungeon due to the barrier that prevented anyone from escaping from a boss battle.

The beast was caught off guard since Ryan only used bolts and arrows to attack until now. In any case, Ryan used that chance to attack the semi-blinded monster with real Poisonous arrows. Still, as expected, the beast noticed the approach of the projectile by the movement in the water.

"He won't go down that easy" Ryan thought. "In that case"

Ryan fired some magic arrows, and the boss repelled them again. However, one attack came that the creature failed at blocking. A Cursed Ray passed through the trident and hit the boss's body. It wasn't much, but Ryan decreased the attributes of the creature.

The very moment the boss decided to counterattack, the Cursed Ray stopped. The creature dashed toward where Ryan was, but in the end, the monster only hit the dungeon walls. That wasn't supposed to be possible. Even if Ryan used Teleport to escape, he should have moved the water around a little bit. While the boss was thinking about what happened, another Cursed Ray hit its back.

"As expected, Silent Movement also works like this," Ryan thought.

"If you don't know this, Cursed Ray can decrease the status that you want more than the others," Femradiel said. "You just have to aim at the right part of the enemy's body."

Ryan wanted to complain about why she didn't mention such valuable information sooner, but he didn't have time for that. He had to Teleport and escape from the boss attack again. Besides, it wasn't like he could properly aim the monster's legs. Ryan couldn't see the beast. He could only imagine his position thanks to Radar.

After using that same tactic a few more times, the boss finally decided to do something different. While Ryan was hitting the creature with Cursed Ray, the monster used Hydromancy and somehow managed to put all the poison that covered the last part of the dungeon in a single sphere of water that was big as itself. Ryan couldn't help but frown at that since one crazy level of skill was necessary to separate the poison that has been mixed with the water for the past few minutes. As if that wasn't enough, the monster turned the sphere poison into a green sphere of ice to seal it completely.

Despite that, Ryan didn't feel bothered by it since he decreased the boss's speed considerably while the creature was busy. Not only that, but the health of the beast also reached the halfway point. Besides, seeing that much ice gave Ryan some ideas

When the boss dashed toward Ryan again, this time, he didn't have time to dodge. However, the creature's trident only pierced a mirror of ice. The ice shards caused some damage, but they only caused a few scratches.

A few seconds after, Ryan hit the monster's legs with Cursed Ray again. However, despite the fact that the beast lost some speed, it still hit Ryan when it dashed again or so the monster thought. The very moment it's trident touched Ryan's chest, Ryan transformed into the sphere of frozen poison. The shards cut the boss's body in several parts, causing considerable damage and even poisoning the beast again. It was all thanks to Ryan's Substitution skill.

Instead of getting carried away with success, Ryan used Telekinesis to make some of the ice shards pierce the boss's body. Much to Ryan's surprise, the boss didn't try to dodge or block the shards. While the creature was bleeding, it was just at Ryan with a murderous gaze. It has been a while since he felt that 'how dare you wound me like this mongrel' like a gaze, so he only felt refreshed by it, but not for long.

While spinning its trident, the boss created a whirlpool-like attack that was pulling Ryan towards it. He managed to evade it using Telekinesis alone. Still, then the creature used Hydromancy as well, and things got suddenly more difficult. As if that wasn't troublesome enough, Ryan began to feel that uncomfortable agony in his chest growing in power he was running out of air.

"It looks like this attack is making the oxygen inside you being used faster," Femradiel said.

"That is obvious," Ryan said while frowning. "Any idea how I can counter this?"

"Without using Draconic Transformation? No," Femradiel replied while shrugging.

Ryan felt pretty stupid for asking, but in the end, he didn't let that bother him for long. He wasn't in a situation where he could let anything else bother him. After all, he was running out of air, and the boss was using its secret technique made to suffocate its targets or to prevent them from escaping a melee fight.

Ryan's magic projectiles probably won't have any effect since the whirlpool will make them change directions before hitting the boss. Besides, the Triton can always use ice magic to block them, so Ryan really was in a bind

"No other choice, huh" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance since he was considering using Draconic Transformation.

However, in the end, Ryan changed his mind when he had a certain idea. It was kind of risky since he was running out of air and won't have time to think of anything else, but Ryan decided to bet all his coins on it.

Ryan fired several Poison Bombs, but they exploded even more, they could hit the Triton, but in the end, that worked in Ryan's favor. In a brief moment, several Poison Bombs exploded and made Ryan escape from the boss's sight. He put his real plan in action, and before the boss could notice, he was impaled by dozens of spears.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1