Chapter 528: Hydra

Chapter 528: Hydra

Hydra Lv 750

Health: 380.000/380.000

Mana: 250.000/250.000

Stamina: 244.000/244.000

Strength: 13.500 (+ 2200)

Dexterity: 8500 (+ 1800)

Speed: 10.000 (+ 1500)

Intelligence: 7500 (+ 1800)

Endurance: 7600 (+ 900)

Control: 4500 (+ 1600)

Mentality: 7500 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 120.000 (+ 20.000)

Willpower: 7500 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Devour Lv 700, Paralyzing Bite Lv 600

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 400, Enhanced Recovery Lv 300, Swim Lv Max

Spells: Haste Lv 400, Tsunami Lv 400, Sea Storm Lv 400

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 800, Water Breathing Lv 900, Hydromancy Lv 600, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Shock Resistance Lv 350

"What the hell? Level 750?" Ryan almost shouted due to the surprise. "And those statuses that is insane."

"No wonder your friends in Brazil are having a hard time against them," Femradiel said.

"They are not my friends" Ryan frowned.

"You really like to say that, don't you?" Femradiel asked.

It was hard to know if that Hydra was a boss or not, but if Ryan had to bet, he would say that it was. The creature was similar to an eastern dragon, but its features were way more savage and rough in comparison. Moreover, that monster had a snake-like body instead of a lizard or dragon-like body as Ryan had imagined.

Regardless, as if the monsters under Poseidon's control had planned that from the very beginning, the Hydra left the area after the successful ambush.

"It looks like this god of the seas also uses some cheap tricks to power up his troops," Femradiel said.

"So, the Hydras truly are being controlled by Poseidon" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I thought we would have five more months before the first dungeon master has the chance to come and show its true power on Earth, but I guess I was wrong."

"What are we going to do?" Femradiel asked. "That thing is at a level where even while using Draconic Transformation, you might lose. In fact, the chances of you losing are much higher than winning."

"... Let's follow it," Ryan declared. "I want to know the routes those creatures are using and if there are many of them in the Northern part of the Atlantic Ocean."

Femradiel sighed, but in the end, she didn't complain. Ryan's ideas were getting more insane as of late, but at least that one made some sense. Following a monster was the only thing he was planning to do for the time being. Fighting will come after once he confirms that there is no other Hydra nearby.

Much to Ryan's disbelief, he could barely follow the thirty meters long monster even though the creature was just swimming and he was teleporting. Fighting against such a monster would be quite the ordeal...

"As expected, that thing is moving around and attacking the big guns that don't belong to Poseidon's army," Femradiel said. "That thing is truly a beast whose sole purpose is to reach the max level of its dungeon."

Ryan used Telekinesis to confirm that and saw the beast attacking Megalodons whenever one entered its search range. The Hydra was so fast that not even them could react, and given that the bit of the monster could paralyze its foes, it looked like escaping or winning a fight were virtually impossible.

"Not even your arrows can move that fast," Femradiel said. "How exactly do you plan on fighting that thing? You certainly can't fight, even if you stay outside water."

"You certainly are pessimistic" Ryan said and then sighed. "I am going to use one of the first tactics my father taught me. Watch and learn."

That was the perfect chance for Ryan to show Femradiel how awesome his father had been once as a hunter. To the point where he decided not to use any DEX potions. For a while, Ryan just waited and pursued the Hydra without doing anything. Still, then when the Hydra found another prey and opened its mouth to bite them, Ryan summoned several copies of his Immobilizing Crossbow. As expected, Femradiel frowned since that was an old tactic, but then she noticed that Ryan also activated Vital Hunter.

"Woah, incredible. You combined two negative effects," Femradiel said. "Instead of a single attribute, you are going to decrease two without using magic that is what I call a genius."

"That isn't the question, moron," Ryan said. "You said that my projectiles will never hit the Hydra, but I just hit it. One of the best times to attack prey is when the prey is eating."

"Who doesn't know that?" Femradiel asked.

Now that Ryan thought about it, that was indeed a pretty simple strategy. Anyone could actually reach that conclusion Regardless, it wasn't time to waste time talking or thinking. Ryan's bolts were still hitting the Hydra, but who knows for how long? As far as he could tell, a monster wouldn't use its top-speed just to move around while looking for food.

Congratulations! The skill Vital Hunter has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Vital Hunter has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Vital Hunter has leveled up.

While Ryan was grinning due to the constant notifications, he suddenly stopped when he felt a shiver like no other. While Ryan was attacking the monster with bolts, the creature just stopped moving and glared at him. Even though the monster was underwater and Ryan was five kilometers above sea level.

"I guess that isn't surprising" Ryan gulped. "That thing has more dexterity than me."

In the end, the Hydra just moved downward until it reached a point where sunlight couldn't reach As expected, the beast could even live at such a deep level. After Ryan's bolts reached one hundred meters below sea level, they stopped hitting the Hydra.

"Well, at least you can learn from a failure," Femradiel said. "So, don't feel too bad about it."

"Why would I feel too bad about it when I learned so much from that monster?" Ryan asked. "Now I know exactly what I should do to kill that thing."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1