Chapter 527: Odd Place

Chapter 527: Odd place

In the end, aside from the fact that Ryan had to summon some Giant Bees and Golems that had died fighting inside the dungeon, nothing had changed in his domain. Ryan upgraded his domain a little bit, but it would take a while before other dungeons are close enough to enter.

Area Lv 27: 75 square miles        Level UP cost: 690.000 coins or 6.900.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 10          Level UP cost: 5.500 coins or 55.000 mana

Barrier Lv 15                  Level UP cost: 15.000 coins or 150.000 mana

Army Lv 14                              Level UP cost: 29.000 coins or 290.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 52 (71%)        Level UP cost: 104.000 coins or 1.040.000 mana

Coins stored: 1.885.338        Mana stored: 7.623.222

"Now that I think about it, I cleared some dungeons that broke several times but didn't have enough spawned monsters and bosses," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "There were no signs of battles in those places so I guess the number of monsters was small because the dungeon master didn't have enough coins and mana stored to make all the monsters that could appear spawn. The seventh dungeon break is going to take place in ten days, maybe I should save coins and mana for that."

Until now, his Frozen Slime's dungeon hasn't been cleared yet, and the times Ryan checked it, there wasn't a single sign of any creature entering the dungeon, so he assumed things would proceed accordingly.

"Femradiel, can't you create your new body already?" Ryan asked.

"No, it will take a while since you are using a lot more mana than usual," Femradiel said. "But it is fine, I am still deciding a few details in my mind."

Ryan really wanted to see Femradiel's tyrant form, even though she didn't say that she would create that type of body anything soon. Regardless, Ryan felt like he was looking for reasons to slack off. He didn't want to fight in the ocean anytime soon since he felt weaker than usual. Still, then again, that would be such a waste considering the fact that finding dungeons easy to clear was relatively easy.

"If that is the case, let's return to the ocean" Ryan said and then sighed. "We obtained some intel in the last fight, so now I think we should check things over the coast instead of moving away to find certain dungeons."

"Are you fine with that?" Femradiel asked. "You really were looking forward to clearing the tier three underwater dungeons."

"No, but I need to confirm other things," Ryan said. "Even if he is the god of the oceans, and he is extremely prideful and haughty, Poseidon is obviously someone cautious. That is why he created several dungeons underwater. Someone like him probably put some dungeons in strategic points around the coast of all continents."

"I suppose that makes sense," Femradiel said. "So, you want to look for those dungeons and then delay his plans a little bit."

That was the gist of things, but instead of just strategically causing problems for Poseidon, Ryan felt like harassing him just because he truly wanted to. Someone like him who treats his subjects that poorly certainly deserved an ass-kicking. Even more so when the creatures that served under him obeyed him by their own volition, unlike Ryan's monsters that were completely bound by his will. It looked like Ryan was a bit jealous, but he would never say that out loud.

"To make things proceed a bit faster, you should let me use Teleport in your place," Femradiel said. "It will be too much of a pain to tell you the exact place you need to go."

"All right, just remember than my goal is to find any place that might be an advantageous place for Ryan to build a military base and tier three dungeons near the coast," Ryan said. "Although he will probably rebuild his kingdom somewhere in the Mediterranean, we can't ignore any place that might look suspicious."

"Understood," Femradiel said.

While they had a lot of ground to cover up North, Ryan and Femradiel didn't want to stay for long in freezing waters. In fact, they didn't want to stay even for a couple of minutes. While both of them had a high level of Cold Resistance and they probably had the advantage up North, they doubted they would find any sign of Poseidon's army. Besides, warm waters were pretty comfy.

"... I can sense a tier three dungeon a few kilometers away from here," Femradiel said. "The number of monsters around is relatively high."

"What type of monsters are there?" Ryan asked.

"It is hard to say, I can feel the presence of several types of monsters," Femradiel replied.

That was odd but then Ryan considered the possibility that some species were hunting another stronger one. If the attackers belonged to Poseidon's army, then everything would make perfect sense.

Femradiel returned to Ryan the control over his body, and then he approached the area mentioned. Even from far away, Ryan could tell that some fierce battle was taking place there since that part of the ocean had become slightly red.

Instead of entering the water, Ryan kept his distance and then used Clairvoyance. The sunlight helped me see things clearly on the underwater battlefield. In the end, Ryan opened his eyes widely in surprise when he saw a group of Megalodons attacking some Tritons and Azure Seahorses. As expected, the megalodons were fighting alone, and the other two species were working together.

"Another Triton's dungeon," Ryan said and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "To think that such a high-level dungeon would be this close to Miami but what is the purpose given that they can't leave the ocean?"

Before Ryan could find a proper answer to that question, he felt the approach of something. Not from the air, but from underwater in an instant, something joined the fight and attacked the megalodons. This time Ryan opened his eyes widely in shock when he saw a single Hydra wiping out the megalodons in a single instant.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1