Chapter 521: Magic Archer

Chapter 521: Magic Archer

In the end, as expected, clearing the dungeon had been relatively easy. Ryan just had defeated with relative ease a true predator of the seas, after all. A giant crab wouldn't be the monster that would make him face some hardships underwater.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Templar, Magic Archer, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Magic Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Radiant Arrow, Stunning Trap, and Nerve Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your mana, health, speed, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Radiant Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that causes damage and blinds the enemy for a moment.

Cost: 50 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stunning Trap.

Effect: It grants the user the chance to create a magic trap able to stun your foes for a second.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Nerve Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that decreases the mentality of your target for ten seconds. The amount of mentality decreased will be equal to the level of the skill, and this effect can stack.

Cost: 50 mana per attack.

You obtained 01 status point.

"It feels like forever since the last time I obtained a true archery-related class," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction once he left the ocean to take a break and breathe some air. "In any case, who could have thought that hunting in the ocean would have been such a great idea I bet I can clear two more dungeons before sun starts to set."

"It looks like someone is getting ahead of themselves," Femradiel said. "Anyway, after all this exploration, didn't you notice anything stranger."

"I noticed many strange things, you will have to be more specific than that," Ryan said.

"I am talking about the number of monsters and their species," Femradiel said. "It must be obvious, but few dungeon masters would try to create underwater dungeons since it isn't an environment where most monsters could fight. Dungeon masters create dungeons in places where they have a certain advantage, but despite that things are too peaceful underwater as if someone is already ruling the seas."

Ryan nodded after hearing that It made a lot of sense. Moreover, given that the Azure Seahorses were probably working for Poseidon, they weren't putting much of a fight, and Ryan couldn't imagine a mythological creature that could dominate the seas. As if that wasn't enough, the Hydras that Gustavo mentioned, for some reason, Ryan felt that they were working for a dungeon master and not for themselves. That was the only explanation as to why they were so keen to destroy their domain.

"Do you think a dungeon master created several underwater dungeons to make a single species of monsters prey on all others to become stronger?" Ryan asked.

"I can't think of any other reason as to why the Megalodons lost their sovereignty over the oceans so fast," Femradiel replied.

That theory didn't make much sense, and that was weird given that Femradiel's theories always make sense. Despite that, Ryan couldn't discard the possibility. As far as he knew, dungeon masters were too unpredictable, and their strategies could variate quite a lot since they were part of this 'game' for several millennia.

Ryan had to solve the mystery of the oceans as fast as possible, but that would be quite a difficult task since locating himself underwater was extremely difficult, and his senses were also dulled. After thinking for a while, aside from using a Megalodon to help him on that task, Ryan decided to use Seal to speed up things as well. Since some monsters had the Water Breathing technique, Ryan could create some equipment that would have that ability at a level much higher than his. At the very least, he should use them to make sure that he won't suffocate due to a time limit while fighting bosses.

Ryan also decided to finally test the power of his electric-based skills. Much to his surprise, he noticed that the attacks didn't damage or shock him. While the more the projectiles traveled, the more they lost their elemental affinity. They only electrocuted anything when they entered in contact with something.

After returning to where the Azure Seahorses were spawning, Ryan created a single ring that would grant him that skill at a high level. He didn't actually test how long he could stay underwater while wearing a single one of them, but it probably would help him hold his breath for a few hours.

Deep Ocean Ring (+8)

Effect: it grants you the effects of the skill Water Breathing Lv 160.

Durability Lv 50/50

"All right, now we just need a Megalodon to use as a taxi and killing machine," Ryan said.

"I wish you luck trying to ride one," Femradiel said. "Hopefully, you won't pass out when the creature reaches absurd speeds in the ocean and your brain won't receive some damage as well."

"Your optimism always encourages me, Femradiel," Ryan said.

In any case, while obtaining tier two classes were nice and all, Ryan couldn't afford to keep clearing them forever. To obtain answers about the situation in the seas, he had to look for the tier three dungeons that were hidden there. Ryan knew that was a pretty risky plan, but he was the type that couldn't focus on the grinding without knowing what his enemies were up to.

"All right, Femradiel," Ryan said. "Where is the direction in which we can find the dungeon that has the highest concentration of mana?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1