Chapter 526: Unbreakable

Chapter 526: Unbreakable

The whirlpool lost power at the same time the Triton suffered critical damage by all the spears.

"Wow, not only you managed to pull that off, but your plan also worked," Femradiel said. "I am really impressed."

Ryan's plan was relatively simple. While the boss couldn't see him, he summoned thirty or so of his Spiritualist's Spears, activated Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim before teleporting all of them around the boss. Somehow, Ryan managed to do that in a fraction of a second, even though he had to use all his mana.

Despite that, the Triton still was alive and conscious enough to use Hydromancy and try to move the spears away from his body.

"If you want me to obtain some Intel, you should let me make a few questions to him before killing it," Femradiel said.

"Can't I make the questions?" Ryan thought. "Oh wait I can't speak underwater."

In order to prevent Ryan from learning Telepathy, Femradiel used a roundabout way to use that skill. She summoned an ice golem and then used Animalistic Transference while she also was draining the mana from the monster to prevent the creature from trying anything. In the end, Femradiel suddenly killed the beast.

"What was that?" Ryan thought.

"This is one of the guys who you can't break no matter what," Femradiel replied. "Anyway, I learned a few things, but you are running out of air."

When Ryan heard that, he panicked. For some reason, he stayed fine while Femradiel was using his body, but then suddenly, things got agonizing again. In a hurry, Ryan opened the treasure chest and didn't even think too much about it. He just chose the usual option and then teleported outside.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Royal Knight, Royal Archer, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Royal Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Vital Hunter, Mana Falcon, and True Sniping.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Vital Hunter.

Effect: It decreases your foe's endurance by one point per level during ten seconds. The effect can stack and will last for ten seconds after the last use of the skill

Cost: 50 mana per attack

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Falcon.

Effect: It creates a falcon made of mana that will pursue a determined target, and it will explode upon contact.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: True Sniping.

Effect: it grants you extra damage when causing critical hits. The extra damage is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten points.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan nodded in satisfaction since he got another class that will directly help in his main fighting style. While Mana Falcon seemed a bit weird for a skill of a bowman, the others were excellent. Vital Hunter would really come in handy many times in the future. Even though the cost was high and consumed mana after every shot. It wouldn't be a good idea to use low-level skills in such a place where Ryan's disadvantage was already too big. Still, considering its potential, Ryan decided to take his chances. But first, he had to hear about the things Femradiel learned.

"Well, Femradiel, what did you learn?" Ryan asked.

"Unlike what I predicted, it looks like not even the underwater dungeon bosses have the answers that you want," Femradiel replied. "The reason being that their dungeon master is a pretty serious guy who thinks too highly of himself and doesn't share the important stuff with his followers."

"I am waiting for more details," Ryan said.

"As you expected, the dungeon master who is controlling the oceans truly is Poseidon," Femradiel said. "He indeed created dozens of underwater dungeons all over the planet just to make sure that his monsters would grow stronger fighting each other and eventually would reach the top of the food chain of these parts."

"Poseidon" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"I saw him, Ryan and I am one hundred percent sure that guy is seriously bad news," Femradiel said, and she seemed strangely worried. "That guy talked with hi Triton only once even though he was a member of his Royal Guard. Not to mention, he looked at him as if he was a piece of trash that didn't deserve to stay hundreds of meters away from him."

"Well, he is a Greek god, so I already expected a real haughty and prideful individual," Ryan said.

"He is many times more prideful and haughty than you can imagine," Femradiel said. "Based on the look of his eyes, I can assure that Poseidon isn't coming to obtain followers on Earth. He is coming to destroy and conquer without caring about the human race. If he doesn't care about his followers, he certainly won't care about the well-being of another species."

After hearing Femradiel's worried words, Ryan began to ponder about what might happen if Poseidon genuinely becomes the first dungeon master to have the chance to show itself and its true power on Earth. Few creatures could make dragons become wary of them, so if even Femradiel was warning Ryan that intensely, then perhaps he has to worry about the severity of the situation and change his plans accordingly. However, in the end, Ryan couldn't do much aside from obtaining more classes and decreased a little bit the number of monsters in the oceans.

"Let's take a break," Ryan said and then sighed. "I want to check things in my domain before continuing with this."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1