Chapter 539: Demi Felines

Chapter 539: Demi Felines

"This place looks like an improvised domain" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "A base created by monsters that obviously has some militaristic purpose"

Weirdly enough, the illusory barrier worked like a mirror that could be found in interrogation rooms but in reverse. Anyone inside could see things happening outside, for a bunch of smelly dogs, they sure were cautious about their security.

Regardless, after looking for a while, Ryan found a dungeon in the center of that place. However, there was no sign of the sorcerer that summoned the illusory barrier. As expected, finding someone that powerful won't be that easy. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't risk starting the attack, given that the sorcerer managed to hide a horde of thousands of monsters with its powers in a single instant.

"For a tier two monster, it certainly has a massive mana pool and recovery to keep this massive barrier active at all times," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "That or the sorcerer has some interesting trick up their sleeve."

The most obvious place to find the boss would be in the dungeon, but entering there won't be that easy. Well, it will, but once the fight starts, things will become messy since several werewolf bosses were around the dungeon. Even despite the fact that their barrier probably has never been broken, they were even more serious about the security around the dungeon.

"Let's see I can attack then at night with Lunar Arrow, I just have to find another place where the chances of me being found will be even less likely," Ryan muttered. "However, if there are more than one dungeon master in that dungeon, then the attack will alert all of them and if they use their powers to hide themselves while they escape"

In the end, the best option seemed indeed the one where Ryan would use Teleport, appear inside the dungeon, and fight enemies from all sides. At the very least, that way, the boss of bosses won't have the opportunity to escape, but that was indeed a reckless plan, even though it was only a tier two dungeon.

Ryan only faced enemies good at illusions a few times, so he wasn't that confident in winning before they became a real pain in the ass.

"Oh, well whatever happens, I can always escape by using Teleport," Ryan shrugged. "It is not like I need to stay until the very end after starting a fight."

Ryan's pride probably won't allow that, but that convinced him to do what was necessary to prevent the boss of bosses from escaping.

Before Ryan could start the attack, things suddenly got noisy outside. Dire wolves, Desert wolves, and the Werewolves left their hangar-like buildings. They began to run toward the northern part of the barrier.

"It looks like this place isn't as safe as I thought," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Something or someone decided to start a night raid."

The thought that he had never been discovered crossed Ryan's mind. After all, he was on the eastern side of the camp. Regardless that was the perfect time to attack, but the Werewolves guarding the dungeon didn't move an inch. That means that the boss or the bosses inside probably won't leave as well.

Before teleporting to the dungeon, Ryan used Clairvoyance to see what was happening. He was left speechless when he saw some very suspicious-looking monsters crossing the barrier and attacking anything in sight. Ryan had a hard time accepting that, but the monsters looked like humans using some cat costumes some pretty well-made costumes,

Demi Felines - Lv 500

Health: 35.000/35.000

Mana: 26.000/26.000

Stamina: 33.000/33.000

Strength: 3900 (+600)

Dexterity: 3000 (+300)

Speed: 2500 (+400)

Intelligence: 3000 (+400)

Endurance: 3000 (+400)

Control: 1500 (+400)

Mentality: 3500 (+400)

Luck: 3500

Recovery: 10.000 (+4.000)

Willpower: 3500 (+400)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Poisonous Claws Lv 300, Paralyzing Claws Lv 300

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 250, Improved Concentration Lv 250, Improved Speed Lv 250

Spells: Cursed Sphere Lv 350, Earth Spear Lv 300, Earth Creation Lv 300, Earth Transformation Lv 250

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 280, Cold Resistance Lv 280, Electric Resistance Lv 280, Freeze Resistance Lv 150, Shock Resistance Lv 150

"The hell is going on" Ryan frowned. " First, all of the dogs seem to be working together and now some cat-people are attacking them I must be hallucinating."

After using Clairvoyance to see if there was a dungeon up North, Ryan only confirmed that there was a massive round area that was weirdly quiet as expected, it was another illusory barrier, but to think that dog and the cat-like monsters would use the same tactic it looked like Ryan will have to be more attentive in the future, some troublesome dungeon master might be building their strength using the same method.

The number of monsters attacking was relatively small. Ryan couldn't even count five thousand of them. Since it was only a minor skirmish, he wouldn't have much time to attack. Without wasting any more time, Ryan aligned several potions in front of him and then used Lunar Arrow.

You obtained 120.000 coins.

You obtained 120.000 coins.

You obtained 120.000 coins.

Ryan had been so fast and precise that even he was surprised by the results. Thirty or so Werewolves' bosses were killed by a rain of shooting stars it was a pity since Ryan wanted to make some weapons out of them. Before anything inside the dungeon could notice what had happened, Ryan teleported to inside and buried the bosses as well.

After the cleanup, Ryan hurried to the last part of the dungeon, but in the end, it didn't take long for him to notice that something was off. After running for a few seconds, he suddenly saw himself leaving the dungeon.

"What the heck" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in surprise.

Despite the speed and precision of his attacks, it looked like Ryan had been noticed by the sorcerer. It was too late to complain now, but it was too late to retreat as well. He had to find a way to deal with the illusion

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1