Chapter 534: Banshee

Chapter 534: Banshee

Although Ryan won't be able to fight alongside the always helpful squire for a while, he left the dungeon while humming.

"You seem to be in a good mood," Femradiel said.

"Furball will become one badass before the real fight begins, so I can't see why I shouldn't be in a good mood," Ryan said.

"Well, things seem to be going well for you, I just hope that a demon's dungeon won't spawn near your domain," Femradiel said. "They are the only ones left that you pissed off but still didn't try to have a base near your domain, after all."

That made Ryan realize that some dungeons appeared in his domain between the time of the dungeon breaks. By the look of things, he didn't know everything that there was to know about the dungeon master's system. Regardless, he could think of a few hypotheses, but none seemed accurate.

Suddenly, the area trembled, and Ryan recognized that type of tremor. It was the same as when a dungeon breaks. However, the seventh dungeon break still was a few days away. That means

"Femradiel" Ryan said while he furrowed his eyebrows.

"It is just a coincidence that being said, I can feel a new source of mana close by," Femradiel said.

Ryan immediately teleported to the place Femradiel mentioned, and he found another underground dungeon, but he had to wait for a while before the first monster finally could appear. Ryan couldn't help but frown when he saw what seemed to be ghost-like floating around. The creature resembled a little bit Yomotsu Shikome, but unlike the undead creature, the new one was wearing a single-piece dress that was white but had some red marks.

Banshee Lv 01

Health: 3.000/3.000

Mana: 3.000/3.000

Stamina: 3.000/3.000

Strength: 360 (+ 05)

Dexterity: 360 (+ 05)

Speed: 360 (+ 05)

Intelligence: 360 (+ 05)

Endurance: 360 (+ 05)

Control: 360 (+ 05)

Mentality: 360 (+ 05)

Luck: 360 (+ 05)

Recovery: 360 (+ 05)

Willpower: 360 (+ 05)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Envy Eyes Lv 40

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 20, Freeze Resistance Lv 20, Fire Resistance Lv 20, Wind Resistance Lv 20, Earth Resistance Lv 20, Electric Resistance Lv 20, Shock Resistance Lv 20

"Banshee?" Ryan frowned. "What kind of creature is that?"

The very moment Ryan used Appraisal, the monster looked in his direction. Although he couldn't see the creature's expression due to its long messy hair covering her whole face, Ryan could feel the glare.

Suddenly, the creature two Magic Bows out of nowhere and attacked Ryan. Despite the surprise, he reacted in time to do the same, only to fail at summoning his Magic Bows. In the end, Ryan managed to dodge the attack since he was much faster than the level one monster.

"What the hell why did the skill fail?" Ryan opened his eyes in surprise.

"It seems Envy Eyes can temporarily steal one of your skills," Femradiel replied.

That was why Ryan dodged the attack despite the fact that he failed on his first try. He knew that skill all too well. In any case, before he could summon a crossbow, the Banshee fired another, but this time Ryan didn't see the projectile. In the end, he was forced to Teleport to several meters above ground level.

"Femradiel" Ryan said.

"... it looks like her skill is more complicated than I thought," Femradiel said. "I have never seen anything like it, but it looks like the monster can temporarily steal your ways of attack."

"How so?" Ryan asked.

"Don't expect me to know everything, I am a dragon with amnesia, if you have forgotten," Femradiel replied.

That sequence of words seemed weird, but in any case, Ryan could study his enemy later. While Ryan was in midair, he equipped his Thunder Lord crossbow and fired, but then the Banshee finally found him and then fired again, and she moved backward several meters the monster just used Evading Shot as well.

"Let's see, if I had to guess, I would say for every ten levels of her skill, she can steal a skill of yours" Femradiel said. "This type of enemy will become a real pain in the later."

Ryan couldn't agree more, but it was surprising that Femradiel still was trying to analyze the enemy's powers despite having failed a few times. In the end, Ryan got tired of it and then just used Telekinesis to make the monster from escaping again. After that, he crushed the enemy's head on the ground.

You obtained 150 coins.

"Nasty as usual, huh," Femradiel said.

"Said the dragon that tries to eat her enemies alive," Ryan said.

"It is easy for you to talk, humans are so privileged that they obtain strength two times after clearing the dungeon, by getting classes and skills," Femradiel said. "I don't know any race that can do that."

Before that could turn into an actual argument, Ryan decided to shut up. Anyway, another troublesome monster appeared, but Ryan had no idea if Poseidon had created another dungeon to monitor him. That would be way too weird. That being said, Ryan didn't make many enemies lately

Before Ryan could find a proper answer, another Banshee left the dungeon and then tried to use Telekinesis on him. Unable to use Telekinesis himself, Ryan just used his Thunder Lord crossbow and made bolts rain over the creature. The beast tried to summon a Magic Bow and counter the attacks, but in the end, the difference in power was just too big.

"What a strange type of monster," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "How come it has such an impressive ability, but when it comes down to using it"

"You can't forget this is just a mob monster created through the power of the dungeon master's system," Femradiel said. "You can defeat them as much as you want, but the real fight will only start later, you should hurry and come up with some kind of plan to defeat then without relying on certain skills."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1