Chapter 536: Punisher

Chapter 536: Punisher

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Mystic Knight, Punisher, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Punisher!

You obtained the following skills: Killing Spree, Heroic Gunmanship, and Deadly Bullet.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Killing Spree.

Effect: It increases your dexterity for ten seconds after killing a foe. The bonus in dexterity will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Gunmanship.

Effect: It increases the power of your attacks when guns by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deadly Bullet.

Effect: fires a special bullet that decreases the recovery of your target. The value decreased will be equal to the level of the skill, and the effect will last for sixty seconds.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Fortunately, something good always happens soon after something bad happens. Although that wasn't a rule in Ryan's life, most of the time, he was pretty much certain that something like a tier three-class falling on his lap would be the reward for his hard work.

In the end, Ryan decided to let his Red Falcons guarding the dungeon. The last part of the dungeon was fairly large, so they would have plenty of room to fly and attack. Besides, the dungeon boss was weak against continuous attacks. At least that was the truth considering the high cost of mana Intangibility has.

"You should hurry up and decide to use Draconic Transformation to strengthen your skills," Femradiel said. "By using it, your summoned monsters will be able to level up past level one hundred and thus the difference in power between them and dungeon monsters will decrease considerably."

"What are my other options?" Ryan asked.

"Stay inside your domain and keep hunting all those monsters without getting new classes until the dungeon masters appear," Femradiel replied.

As much as it was annoying for him to admit, Ryan really couldn't see any other way to solve that problematic situation. The battle machines couldn't work well with the Fire Golems or even the Ice Golems since their elemental bodies could damage them. As for the ordinary golems, they weren't that sturdy if compared with the others.

Another problem was the fact that Ryan couldn't come up with any decent plan because the boss didn't show much of their skills. Besides, putting too many battle machines inside the dungeon would only work to strengthen the spawned monsters faster than usual.

If Ryan weren't so prideful, things could be solved much faster. Still, he felt like if he starts to choose the easiest option whenever something appeared, things would only become harder later on.

"My head hurts" Ryan said and then sighed. "I am going to look for a new dungeon to clear in order to refresh my mind, I need a break."

Maybe leveling up a few times his new classes will liven up Ryan's mood. However, before he could look for his next target, Alissa called him via the telepathic link.

"Ryan, are you busy now?" Alissa asked. "I need to talk with you."

"What was the point of asking? You already forcefully opened the link," Ryan said and facepalmed. "Anyway, I am free now, but now for long. Please don't say that you want to share more gossips about the situation in the secret base."

"Nah, I just wanted to talk with you about Femradiel, is she sleeping a lot lately?" Alissa asked.

"I am not sure, I have no idea to know when she is resting," Ryan replied. "...Why do you ask?"

"It is about Orgar, he is being pretty quiet as of late, he says that he has been sleeping since I have been living a boring life, but even so, he is sleeping too much," Alissa said.

"... He is an old dragon, so of course he will sleep a lot," Ryan said after he recalled the conversation he had with Orgar about his situation. "In my head, I always imagined Orgar to be a seventy-, or eighty-years old man."

"I can see why you would think that," Alissa said. "Well, talk with you later."

After saying that, Alissa ended the call. Ryan sighed in relief, but then he worried if Alissa would ask the same thing to Gustavo and his friends. Unlike him, they didn't have a single reason to lie. They didn't know about how Alissa and Orgar became partners, after all.

"Great another thing to bother me at night," Ryan said after a long sigh. "I guess that is one of the signs that Orgar's mind is being mixed with Alissa's. Yet, she didn't notice anything out of place"

Ryan thought Alissa would be the only one who would manage to do what was necessary aside from Ryan to protect the country. She certainly wouldn't do something like that in the past, but now she was a leader who cared about her underlings. The question was: will that continue once Orgar disappears? Despite everything, Alissa was fairly egoistical, so he couldn't imagine her living a life where her sole goal was helping her underlings.

Ryan was even wondering about the possibility that he would become, for real this time, a target to vent Alissa's frustrations in a bad way. He was the only one who knew what was happening to Orgar, and yet, he decided to keep quiet about it. If anything, Ryan's future was getting bleaker by the minute before he could begin to sigh, even more. Ryan began to look for some dungeons to clear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1