Chapter 532: Slayer

Chapter 532: Slayer

Before ending the telepathic link, Gustavo said to Ryan that he and his friends would focus only on developing some kind of strategy to hunt the Hydras. Until now, they let several other problems keep their minds busy, but now they didn't have any other choice to rely on others to solve them.

As for Ryan, he just continued to train Evading Shot. Due to that, his hunting speed decreased considerably, and he only cleared a tier two dungeon after a full day.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Knight, Slayer, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Slayer!

You obtained the following skills: Quick Roll, Retaliate, and Cold Blood.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your mana, health, speed, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Quick Roll.

Effect: An evasive maneuver that grants the user the chance to roll on the ground in a near-instantaneous movement.

Cost: 20 stamina.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Retaliate.

Effect: It grants the user the chance to enter a state of total retaliation. By activating the skill, the user can counter all attacks delivered by a single target. The extra damage caused is equal to the level of skill.

Cost: 30 stamina per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cold Blood.

Effect: It temporarily increases the attacking speed when using all types of weapons by two percent per level.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. Those skills certainly will help him to improve his fighting style. That being said, he had no intention of changing his plans for the time being.

"Although Evading Shot doesn't actually put any weight on my back or arms, gravity is already annoying enough," 3 said while he was massaging his shoulders. "Since this skill isn't a movement that transcends space like Flash and Teleport, my body is suffering a little bit."

The problem was Ryan's endurance. It was just too low. The only way to decrease that was by leveling up Ryan's melee classes, but that would slow down Evading Shot leveling up speed.

"I guess using it with Magic Bows too often is no good," Ryan concluded. "But I guess using it when a single weapon is under my control will be bearable."

Given that the strain on Ryan's body will be even more intense when he tries to use Evading Shot underwater, he decided to look for another dungeon and train his melee classes. Usually, when Ryan changes his plans, something happens, and things even troublesome get in his way, but this time nothing actually happened.

"I guess I am overly conscious about my fair amount of unluckiness," Ryan shrugged.

Ryan started to look for another dungeon. It didn't matter the rank, he just wanted to fight against a vast number of monsters, but in the end, he was stopped because Femradiel suddenly called him.

"Hey, I believe we have a problem," Femradiel said.

"Define what is a problem from your perspective," Ryan said.

"Another dungeon appeared and this one is spawning monsters that are doing weird things," Femradiel replied.

It looked like Ryan wasn't being overly conscious about his problems, after all. In any case, he hurried and returned to his domain in the blink of an eye, only to find a dungeon spawning some golems that looked far weirder than his.

Elemental Golem Lv 02

Health: 5.000/5.000

Mana: 5.000/5.000

Stamina: 5.000/5.000

Strength: 510 (+ 60)

Dexterity: 510 (+ 60)

Speed: 510 (+ 60)

Intelligence: 510 (+ 60)

Endurance: 510 (+ 60)

Control: 510 (+ 60)

Mentality: 510 (+ 60)

Luck: 510 (+ 60)

Recovery: 510 (+ 60)

Willpower: 510 (+ 60)

Coins: --

Status:

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Ice Wall Lv 30, Fire Wall Lv 30, Earth Wall Lv 30, Water Creation Lv 40, Fire Creation Lv 40, Wind Creation Lv 40, Earth Creation Lv 40

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 60, Fire Resistance Lv 60, Wind Resistance Lv 60, Earth Resistance Lv 60

The golems were a mix of all golems Ryan had seen before. Some parts of their bodies were made of magma. Others were made of ice and electricity. Even their set of skills looked weird, but what really looked weird in them was their behavior. The very moment they leave the dungeon, the golems make holes in the ground and then fill them with a lot of water. In just a few seconds, those creatures could create an entire Olympic pool.

"They are weird, all right," Ryan frowned. "Can't say that I have seen a monster who wants to make pools."

"Don't you find this weird?" Femradiel asked. "The goal of those creatures is to cover this area's surface with water"

"Poseidon, huh" Ryan furrowed his eyebrow. "I guess he was the one who tried to fry me alive with those lightning bolts Although it is weird that the god of the seas can control lightning, it wouldn't surprise me if he can use all types of magic spells."

What really was troublesome was the power level of the elemental golems, they weren't a problem now, but in due time, they indeed would become a massive pain in the ass just like the Specters. There was no doubt that they were a tier-three monster that being said, Furball was doing a good job stopping them as fast as possible and then eating their cores.

"I guess guarding this dungeon will be your job, buddy," Ryan said. "Lately, the enemies haven't been causing too many problems for you, so I guess this is a good chance for you to train and sharpen your instincts."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1