Chapter 537: Thief

Chapter 537: Thief

While Ryan was looking for another dungeon clear, he surprisingly found a slimes' dungeon. Those were quite rare in his country territory, just like the chance to obtain a tier-one dungeon. Naturally, Ryan didn't have any difficulties clearing the place.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Swordsman, Thief, and Novice.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Thief!

You obtained the following skills: Venom Knife, Lesser Poisonous Enchantment, and Poison Creation.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Venom Knife.

Effect: It fires a magic knife with poisonous attributes that causes critical damage and poison your enemies.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Enchantment.

Since you already have this skill, it will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a bottle of poison that causes damage equal to the level of intelligence of the maker and extra damage according to the level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"Who could have thought this class would be this useful and its skills cost so much mana," Ryan frowned. "I guess the system realized that they were too good for a tier one skill."

Although getting a single tier-one class didn't liven up his mood all that much, Ryan at least had a good time while thinking about how to improve his fighting style since the slimes weren't a real threat to him, not even when they reached the level four hundred. It has been quite a while since the last time he thought about that since he obtained skills like Magic Bows that were just too good to ignore.

Ryan already had a decent set of skills, and in the future, he will obtain, even more, so he didn't have to worry about that. He had to worry about how and when to use them. Skills like throw had become kind of obsolete since Ryan could fire certain melee weapons with his bow. They just needed to have the right shape. Fortunately, Ryan could create those melee weapons to satisfy his needs. But even then, that wasn't what Ryan needed. He needed something that would grant him the power to exterminate his powers even while he was hundreds of kilometers away from them.

"Clairvoyance will help me with that, the real problem is the cost of mana to fight while using such high-level skills," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "There is also the problem regarding his projectiles losing power while crossing over long distances. Aside from Lunar Arrow, all of my attacks would lose power and speed after travelling for ten kilometers."

That seemed like a solution much less troublesome than relying on summoned monsters and tamed monsters. Still, then again, the cost of mana was too big of a problem. It seemed like Ryan needed other skills that will help his ability to obtain mana from extra sources. Since he couldn't talk with the secret base for that kind of intel anymore, Femradiel was the only one he could talk with. The problem was: she couldn't remember anything aside from Mana-Eater that could help Ryan right now.

"Screw it," Ryan said. "Let's keep focusing on leveling up my classes and hope that someday I will obtain the inspiration needed to solve those problems."

Before he could decide on returning to his domain or looking for another dungeon to clear, Ryan suddenly heard Femradiel's voice. Despite her words, she seemed pretty calm.

"Ryan, I am sensing a massive translocation of mana up North," Femradiel said. "If my guess is right, dozens of thousands of monsters are heading West."

"Can you use my Clairvoyance and confirm things?" Ryan asked. "I am kind of busy here, so I can't do it."

Ryan sighed what a partner Femradiel was As expected, he could only count on Furball. Before the night could fall, Ryan decided to look for those months with Clairvoyance. While up North was rather non-specific, he decided to look in a straight-line up North from his location, and much to his surprise Ryan indeed found something. Somewhere in Kansas, Ryan found thousands of Desert Wolves and Dire Wolves moving together as if they weren't enemies. That was weird. Ryan was pretty sure there wasn't supposed to exist a Dire Wolves' dungeon in the territory of his country. However, the weirdest thing of all was a group of a few hundred monsters.

Werewolf - Lv 550

Health: 75.000/75.000

Mana: 52.000/52.000

Stamina: 59.000/59.000

Strength: 7900 (+800)

Dexterity: 3500 (+200)

Speed: 2500 (+300)

Intelligence: 2500 (+200)

Endurance: 7500 (+600)

Control: 1500 (+100)

Mentality: 4500 (+500)

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 20.000 (+8.000)

Willpower: 4500 (+500)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Voracious Claws Lv 400, Paralyzing Bite Lv 350

Passive Physical Skills: Predator Scent Lv 350, Improved Strength Lv 250, Improved Concentration Lv 250

Spells:

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 400, Cold Resistance Lv 400, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Freeze Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 200

"How the heck I didn't find these creatures before?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in disbelief.

That whole situation was quite weird, but as far as Ryan knew, there was no human settlement in the western side of the country. So, those monsters weren't planning to cause problems for the human race. Despite that, Ryan felt really compelled to follow them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1