Chapter 535: Magic Existence

Chapter 535: Magic Existence

The future was becoming grim by the minute, but in the end, Ryan decided to focus on the good side of the problems that just appeared. Another dungeon means more coins to his domain and a new class for him. That being said, Ryan was quite curious as to what type of boss he would find inside the dungeon. If the minions alone could be that troublesome even at a lower level, the boss probably wouldn't have been contained by his summoned monsters for long.

Unlike the elemental golem's dungeons, Ryan didn't find anything weird or different inside the Banshee's dungeon. The only real difference is that inside, they had an easier time trying to repel his bolts by using Magic Bows. They could hit Ryan's attacks despite the incredible difference in speed, but losing in raw power was inevitable for them.

"Aren't you going to use them to create new crossbows?" Femradiel asked.

"I will wait for a while longer, the effects of my weapons will be more powerful according to the level of the monsters I use Seal in," Ryan replied.

"That would explain why you didn't try to use Seal, not even in that colorful golem," Femradiel said. "Anyway, any idea how you are going to keep this dungeon guarded?"

"I am working on it," Ryan replied.

Aside from using several types of golems to make sure that the Banshees wouldn't be able to counter all of them at the same time, Ryan couldn't think of any other idea on how to deal with them. In the end, he reached the last part of the dungeon without thinking of a proper way to deal with the mobs. Dealing with the boss then seemed impossible with summoned monsters.

Ryan put his worries aside when he reached the last part of the dungeon. Sitting on a red throne, he found a weird creature It made Ryan recall the shadows he found when he was clearing some dungeons in Canada. Weirdly enough, the shadow even had a sword made of shadows.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

"Not again" Ryan said and then sighed.

It has been quite a while since Appraisal proved to be useless against an opponent. Still, Ryan could easily remember the time the skill proved to be useless that happened a few times when Ryan tried to use it on Dungeon masters and their avatars when they were dungeon bosses.

Ryan didn't want to waste time with pleasantries, so he just summoned several magic copies of his Titanium Electric bow and then charged Power Shot. However, before he could do that for more than a few seconds, he felt his body being pulled toward the last room of the dungeon. Ryan could feel the glare of the monster

"Telekinesis" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Well, there is no point in wasting my time with a low-level boss.

In the end, Ryan attacked before the boss could make him enter the dungeon. However, much to his surprise, Ryan's bolts passed through the shadow, but at that exact same time, the shadow stopped using Telekinesis.

"I see now Intangibility," Ryan muttered.

After he canceled his magic bows, Ryan summoned his Holy Crossbow and Immobilizing Crossbow, and when the shadow got up, he made bolts rain over them. Although there was no way to prove that, Ryan had a feeling that the dungeon master was a demon. That was weird since all the demon generals Ryan fought so far talked too much.

Once again, Ryan's bolts didn't hit the enemy. However, the creature didn't have the chance to attack as well. That was the problem of Intangibility. While the creature couldn't do anything, it suddenly charged toward Ryan with its sword covered in the darkness, ready to strike. Even while the sword was approaching his head, Ryan didn't move away or try to escape.

In the end, the sword made of shadows almost scratched Ryan's forehead, but the creature was forced to stop since his bolts finally caused so much damage that it paralyzed the creature no, the Holy Crossbow was the sole cause of that.

"You really are a demon general, aren't you?" Ryan asked.

The shadow glared at Ryan, but even in defeat, it didn't say anything. In the end, it only did that until its body began to turn into an unrecognizable and lifeless dust.

You obtained 10.000 coins.

"That was surprisingly easy," Femradiel said.

" Did you read this thing's mind?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"I am sorry, but if Appraisal doesn't work, then reading an enemy's mind is impossible," Femradiel said. "There are some ways to counter that kind of power, but I believe it will prove useless against this type of opponent."

"Why?" Ryan asked.

"Spells like Mind Armor rely solely on mana to protect their users, but I am pretty sure that thing's health and mana are deeply connected," Femradiel explained. "If you try to make it run out of mana by using Appraisal, the monster will probably vanish once its mana is emptied. Thus, making me unable to read its mind."

That was a pretty complicated explanation, but Ryan understood and agreed with the main points. In the end, not even he was sure if the monster died due to the holy bolts that he fired or if he just died due to lack of mana. It was hard to believe that a dungeon boss would run out of mana after using Intangibility for a couple of seconds. Still, then again, Ryan didn't have all that much information about what dungeon bosses and dungeon masters could really do. At least not the ones that have been alive for thousands of years.

Regardless, the main problem was that too many enemies were trying to stay close to Ryan's backyard, and once their dungeons reached the level max, things would become messy for him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1