Chapter 533: Warmage

Chapter 533: Warmage

It was evident that Ryan's golems soon wouldn't become a treat to the elemental golems, so Furball had to get used to fighting against the boss as soon as possible. That being said, Ryan couldn't take any chances, so he went inside the dungeon to offer him some support.

"The next time I level up the area of my domain, it will certainly engulf this dungeon" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Letting creatures that have this kind of goal have access to the interior of my domain might cause some real nasty problems later, so I will have to think carefully about how to deal with them once Furball becomes unable to defeat the boss by himself."

"I can always solve this problem by guarding this dungeon with my third body," Femradiel said.

"No, you will guard the domain when I leave," Ryan said. "It will be better that way since you will be able to notice if something happens in any of the dungeons."

Ryan considered the possibility of taming the elemental golems, but in the end, he decided not to. As of late, he wasn't using his taming skill all that much since obtaining new domains was more difficult than he thought, and letting the monsters guarding all dungeons near his domain seemed like a waste since Ryan could use the monsters to level up his newest classes. Also, considering the level of the monsters, they wouldn't become much stronger under his command.

The layout of the dungeon was pretty basic, it was essentially a spiral corridor that was leading them downstairs, but in some parts, Ryan could find some parts covered in ice, spitting magma, and walls that could electrocute the explorers.

"Poseidon might be a big asshole, but he certainly knows how to keep his guests entertained," Ryan said.

"So, you are already assuming that he is an asshole," Femradiel said.

"Yep, it is better if I lower my expectations of my enemies," Ryan said. "That way, they won't surprise me negatively when I meet them for the first time."

After a couple of seconds, Ryan and the others finally arrived in the last part of the dungeon. As expected, it was big, like the place where he fought Yomotsu Shikome. That was weird given that the boss in front of the crystal wasn't even ten meters tall. However, Ryan knew that such a large space only represented how powerful the dungeon's bosses could become once they reached high levels.

The boss of the dungeon was essentially just another elemental golem, just a bit bigger. The only other noticeable feature was that the elemental parts of their bodies were constantly moving. At one point, the left leg of the boss was made of ice, and a few seconds later, it was made of magma. Even the area around the core of the creature didn't remain uniform.

"I see this creature is a specialist at blocking elemental attacks," Femradiel said. "At some point, most dragons won't be able to cause any damage against it."

"You hold your kin in such low regards" Ryan frowned. "That being said, I can easily imagine what you are thinking."

Furball was a monster specialized in non-elemental attacks, but that doesn't mean he would have an easy time against the boss. After all, Furball has to bite and scratch the monster or use a body slam when he attacks, so it was only natural that he would suffer damage from that boss. Despite that, as if he had felt Ryan's worry, Furball dashed toward the monster and didn't think twice in biting the left arm of the beast that was covered by magma.

It looked like Ryan had underestimated Furball's strength and viciousness. His partner easily bit off the arm of the elemental golem and tossed it aside. It looked like the spiciness of magma didn't suit his palate.

Although the boss soon created another arm made of magma, Furball kicked the beast's ass quite easily in the end, the elemental golems were a creature that would cause a lot of trouble in the future. Ryan could only hope that Furball's growth would be more impressive than theirs.

"Thanks, buddy," Ryan patterd Furball's head. "It looks like you are quite excited about this job."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Gunner, and Warmage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Warmage!

You obtained the following skills: Fire Orb, Ice Orb, and Electric Orb.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your health, stamina, recovery, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Orb.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an elemental orb that will fly around you for five minutes. The orb can be thrown at your targets, or it can support you in close combat.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Orb.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an elemental orb that will fly around you for five minutes. The orb can be thrown at your targets, or it can support you in close combat.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Orb.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an elemental orb that will fly around you for five minutes. The orb can be thrown at your targets, or it can support you in close combat.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan left the dungeon pretty satisfied with the class. Fighting using those skills would be pretty hard, but surprising his enemies with them won't.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1