Chapter 542: Unknown

Chapter 542: Unknown

Although that was a rare opportunity to train one of his resistances, Ryan wasn't in a training mood. While trying to counter the gravity effect, Ryan used Telekinesis, but it wasn't nearly enough for that.

Ryan summoned his Magic Bows and then made them attack the boss Mana Shield. At first, the creature ignored it, but then he noticed that the arrows were causing too much damage too fast. Ryan got the diversion that he wanted and then teleported behind the monster and pierced one of his Spiritualist's Spears in the monster's back. He frowned when his mana began to be restored at insane speeds, and a blue liquid left the monster's body.

"What the hell" Ryan muttered. "Your blood is mana liquid?"

The boss swung its staff and hit Ryan's right shoulder. Despite being a mage excellent at illusion magic, the creature had enough strength to cause critical damage and make Ryan spin several times before hitting the walls behind and breaking several of his limbs. Without wasting any time, Ryan used Full-Heal, but the feeling on his shoulder didn't come back.

"Great" Ryan clenched his teeth in anger.

Ryan tried to end that fight as fast as possible, but it looked like that had been the wrong approach. In the end, he underestimated the boss for far too long and equipped the Inquisition Crossbow. If he wanted to win that fight, Ryan will have to decrease the boss's power in a more direct way.

Before Ryan could actually use his newly equipped weapon, the boss suddenly made his copies disappear which was weird. It was even weirder that he still was bleeding the mana liquid through his back. Also, he didn't take Ryan's spear from the wound.

"For an elder god, you sure need a few tricks, huh," Ryan grinned. "And here was I wondering how come the boss of this dungeon isn't a werewolf. You did something to that body and now you can assume a physical form on Earth without suffering damage overtime."

Ryan didn't know if he had guessed right, but he assumed that had been the case since the boss looked pretty pissed. Still, for a body like that needs to suffer that many modifications to withstand the power of the dungeon master just what the hell was that creature?

The boss's body couldn't be healed by conventional methods. That was why he went as far as creating so many illusions to keep his body safe. Maybe Ryan indeed could win that a bit faster than usual, but it looked like the boss wanted to take him down with him for that disgrace.

The beast pointed one hand in Ryan's direction, and that annoying gravity was back. At the same time, he wrote something in the air while Ryan was struggling, and the air inside the dungeon changed That wasn't good. Ryan pointed his crossbow toward the boss and fired. This time, weirdly enough, the monster didn't try to block the attacks. It looked like that borrowed body could only use so much magic.

The boss's intelligence was being decreased with each shot probably. Ryan couldn't confirm it, but despite that, the effects of gravity in his body weren't decreasing. As if that wasn't enough, the boss finally finished whatever he was doing. A dark portal appeared in the center of the dungeon, and it began to pull Ryan. At the same time, the center of gravity of the entire place changed.

"You have got to be kidding me" Ryan clenched his teeth.

Without thinking too much about it, the boss let his staff be sucked by the portal. Whatever was on the other side, it probably was a safe place for the creature. Ryan confirmed that since the monster wasn't resisting that much the portal, only just enough to make sure that Ryan would enter first.

While sweating cold, Ryan used Purification and any other spell that he thought it might help in that situation, but they didn't work. It looked like Ryan would really have to transform into a dragon to escape that mess, but at the last moment, he had another idea. He used Skills Copy and Status Copy, and the effect of the portal decreased a lot on his body. That was the result of becoming a magic-oriented fighter by copying the boss.

The creature frowned when he noticed that something changed. Still, before the monster could try anything else, Ryan used all his mana to power up the gravity field and pulled the boss faster than he could resist. Much to his surprise, the creature was split in half when his lower half entered the portal.

You obtained 500.000 coins.

"Holy Freya" Ryan frowned and then sighed in relief when the interior of the dungeon returned its natural state.

Ryan let himself fall on the ground to catch his breath and relax a little. It has been a while since a tier two boss spooked him so much, but in the end, he learned his lesson. He couldn't think he had won the fight based on the level and the types of monsters that a dungeon spawn.

"That creature what was that?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It wasn't a mutated animal and given that it modified the body of a boss to withstand his power, it certainly served to host a dungeon master. It makes sense since I didn't find a single creature until now that could have kept erect an illusory barrier this big."

Wondering if his vision wasn't clouded for other types of problems that could be even more disastrous than the powerhouses like Greek gods and Lucifer's demons, Ryan approached the treasure chest to pick his class.

It looked like Ryan will have to try to expand his domain faster than before in order for these types of problems not to escape his sight again. However, he didn't have much faith that much could be done before Poseidon finally obtained the chance to come to Earth and show his true might.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1