Chapter 546: Revenge Crossbow

Chapter 546: Revenge Crossbow

" Is that so," Isis said. "So, he is trying to return as well."

Isis's words kind of surprised Ryan. She didn't seem as mad as he had imagined considering that she hated Seth for what he had done to her husband. Maybe that was an act to make Ryan drop his guard, but she would need to do more for that to happen.

"So, when are you going to attack me?" Ryan asked.

"Apparently you misunderstand something about this situation," Isis said. "Osiris forgot about his past life whenever he dies and revives. So, he forgot about me and our son. He needs to achieve the same thing as the other dungeon masters to be able to revive on Earth again, but that doesn't mean anything. We cannot have our old life, so as long as you face him like a true warrior, I don't see why I should hate you."

That was really weird and complicated. Then again, it would be even weirder if the life of those elder gods were something simple. Maybe Ryan's persecutions instincts were too strong, but he couldn't believe blindly on what Isis said. Regardless, he defeated the dungeon boss without issues, so now he was forced to help her.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Iron Fist, Sentinel, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Iron Fist!

You obtained the following skills: Ghost Punch, Heroic Martial Arts, and Chakra.

Your strength and health will increase by six points, your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ghost Punch.

Effect: It grants you the power to punch your enemies even when they aren't close to you by causing a shockwave filled with mana.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heroic Martial Arts.

Effect: It increases the power of your attacks when attacking by using fists and kicks by three percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Chakra.

Effect: It grants you the chance to restore some of your health and stamina at the cost of some of your mana. It also decreases the effects of negative status by a percentage that will be equal to the level of the skill.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Much to Ryan's surprise, Isis's dungeon was a tier three, but now that he thought about it, it made sense since her minions could face several species of wolves at the same time.

"Are you going to keep your word?" Isis asked.

"Sure, but if you don't mind, I will keep some golems here," Ryan said. "You need to understand why I am cautious."

"As long as I have an edge over Seth, I don't care about anything else," Isis said.

When Ryan left the dungeon, he saw an army of werewolves, Dire Wolves, and Desert Wolves attacking the camp. As expected, given how much manpower he lost thanks to Ryan in the previous night, he would try to do the same when Ryan caused a ruckus on the enemy's camp as well.

However, Seth never imagined that Ryan would clear the dungeon so fast and even help the Demi-Felines hunt his troops. While Isis's army was holding them back, Ryan wiped out Seth's minions from a distance pretty easily. Once again, Ryan was reminded how good it was to have an army of really sapient beings on his side.

Seth's minions tried to run away, but Ryan destroyed the army that has left their camp before they could escape with his Magic Bows. In the end, Ryan kept attacking Seth's camp since Isis's minions were too bloodthirsty.

"Now I feel like I am on the bullies' side," Ryan thought and furrowed his eyebrows.

In the end, the fight didn't last even for an entire night. It was only natural since Ryan managed to infiltrate Seth's camp and defeat a lot of monsters previously. Besides, Isis's army could attack the same camp every night despite having fewer troops.

When the fight was over, Ryan made sure to put three Golems inside Isis dungeon to guard the last part and the entrance. He also put the other three at the entrance of Seth's dungeon. It was annoying but defeating him now was too risky, and since Ryan wouldn't obtain a new class, the risks weren't that necessary.

"You have kept your word and helped me much faster than I predicted," Isis suddenly said. "I also give you my word that I won't do anything that will damage your people or your lands. It is not like I was interested in this place anyway."

Ryan frowned when he heard. As expected, beings like Seth and Isis were probably trying to return by using dungeons in their homeland. While that also means that Isis could be up to no good somewhere else, Ryan didn't have the leisure to care about places so far beyond his reach.

"Here is an extra and a sign to prove that I am serious," Isis said and then made a dark crossbow appear before Ryan.

Revenge Crossbow (+25)

Effect: at the cost of one hundred points of mana, it grants the user the power to fire bolts that cause extra damage based on your lost life. The extra damage caused will be equal to the percentage of your lost health and can reach a max of twenty-five percent.

Dexterity + 350, Intelligence + 175.

Durability: 250/250

"If you agree to help me in the future, I will make sure to reward with more weapons like this," Isis said. "Naturally, I won't force you to do anything that will cause harm to your people."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1