Chapter 543: Guard

Chapter 543: Guard

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guard, Archer, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Guard!

You obtained the following skills: Guard's Vitality, Perseverance, and Stamina Regeneration.

Your health and strength will increase by four points. Your stamina, mana, endurance, and willpower will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Guard's Vitality.

Effect: It passively increases your vitality by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Perseverance.

Effect: It passively increases your willpower by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stamina Regeneration.

Effect: It passively increases your stamina regeneration by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

While the options Ryan had this time weren't that impressive, he still left the dungeon feeling quite accomplished. He survived one hell of a fight against a tough opponent, after all. Unfortunately, the job wasn't complete yet.

While he was leaving the dungeon, Ryan saw his spears slicing apart several Werewolves. That part of the dungeon was utterly red due to the blood. Still, things wouldn't be so bad if Ryan only had to see blood, but unfortunately, that wasn't the case. Before that bloody sight could be engraved in his memories, even more, Ryan grabbed the items the monsters dropped and then teleported to the exit of the dungeon.

Although the fight lasts longer than Ryan expected, things were still pretty noisy outside the dungeon. Only a few monsters noticed that the guards had been killed, so the vast majority of the troops were fighting the cat-like monsters.

Before Ryan could be found by more monsters, he used Teleport and then began to fly above the battlefield. The barrier had disappeared alongside the boss, so Ryan didn't have to worry about anything.

After half an hour, half of the forces that attacked the Werewolves base had been wiped out, so the remaining ones decided to run away since they lasted longer and caused a lot of damage considering the fact that they fought against three different types of species.

As expected, the monsters ran away to the North, and they suddenly disappeared when they arrived in a mountainous region. Ryan tried to track them down with Clairvoyance, but he failed due to some trees. Most likely, the trees were a natural defense that the cat-like monsters were using to hide their illusory barrier.

"More illusions, huh" Ryan said and then sighed. "This is going to be a pain."

Suddenly, Ryan felt that weird sensation. He was being watched by someone who had Clairvoyance. That wasn't good. He had been discovered too soon.

"Are you the one who defeated Set?"

When Ryan was about to use Teleport to retreat, he suddenly heard a female voice echoing in the area. That was weird. It looked like a version of Telepathy, but since no one aside from a few exceptions could talk directly to his mind, that woman changed her strategy.

"Maybe, who is asking?" Ryan asked.

Ryan had no idea who Seth was. If he had to guess, it would be the armadillo-looking boss he just defeated.

"It seems you are one of the humans who have been causing havoc lately," The woman said. "My name is Isis, and I have an offer for you, young warrior. Help me defeat Seth and his army and I shall reward you accordingly."

"Sorry, but I don't accept work from an employer that I don't know anything of," Ryan said. "I assume you are the one who decided to attack Set's base a few hours ago. While I don't know why you two are fighting, I would like to ask you to fight against each other somewhere else. I can't have two powerhouses destroying Earth even further."

"This isn't a fight that I wanted, but it is necessary," Isis said. "Set is one of the few who can cause destruction beyond your imagination. Before he causes more grief to my family, I am going to stop him. As long as he stays in this area, I don't intend to leave."

"Well then, if that is the case, we will be neighbors," Ryan said. "That being said, I don't like noise. You might have a quarrel with this Seth fellow, but that isn't my problem. If I see you destroying this land or doing anything suspicious, you will suffer the same fate that he will have as many times."

"You are mad if you think that you can antagonize all the elder gods," Isis said. "This is my last offer, help me defeat Seth and return to Earth before him and I swear to you that I will treat you and your friends like my royal guards. No elder god will offer you anything better or even close to this."

"I would be damned if I had fought and survived this far only to bend the knee now to someone like you who did who knows what hidden in these parts," Ryan said. "Here is my counter offer, deactivate your illusory barrier and then stop the creatures that your dungeon is spawning from leaving the dungeon. Show me that much sincerity and I will assure you that your troops will guard Set's dungeon day in and day out without disturbances."

"... Surviving this far made you get ahead of yourself, human," Isis said. "If that is how you want, then you will become a puppet not an ally."

After hearing that, Ryan confirmed that the negotiations were over. As much as he hated to let Isis alone for the time being, it couldn't be helped. However, Ryan decided to strike at the moment she least waits for it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1