Chapter 547: Radiel

Chapter 547: Radiel

In the end, Ryan returned to his domain while feeling a bit conflicted about the whole situation he just witnessed. Not only did he see a dungeon master creating an alliance with others, but Ryan also defeated one of them, but also joined forces with another and then received an incredibly powerful weapon.

Ryan had no intention of lowering his guard yet, but maybe he should change his perspective for some things. Apparently, not all dungeon masters were evil or wanted to dominate Earth. Some of them just had other goals that weren't even close to world domination.

While Ryan was thinking about that, he saw a weird creature in the middle of his domain. Since the creature had a body that was white and blue and also had a familiar presence, Ryan didn't have to think too much about it before he could see who that was. It was Femradiel in her new body, but much to Ryan's disappointment, that body was more like a bird than the body of a dragon. It was like Ice Eagle, but the new body had a tail-like thing that had several branches. It certainly wasn't the body of an Eagle.

"Ah, you came much sooner than I expected and ruined the surprise," Femradiel said.

"So, this is the new form that Alissa inspired you to create I should have known that she would cause problems in some sort of way with her visit," Ryan said and then sighed.

"You sure like to complain," Femradiel said. "I will have you know that this body has much more potential than the others."

"Why a bird?" Ryan asked. "I am surprised that you would create a body that isn't that close to the body of dragons."

Radiel (Ice Phoenix)  Lv 30

Health: 30.000

Mana: 55.000

Stamina: 25.000

Strength: 3000 (+ 500)

Dexterity: 2500 (+ 200)

Speed: 2500 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 4500 (+ 900)

Endurance: 2000 (+ 300)

Control: 1500 (+ 200)

Mentality: 3000 (+ 300)

Luck: 400

Recovery: 15.000 (+ 3000)

Willpower: 3000 (+ 300)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Frozen Touch Lv 50, Frozen Charge Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Augmented Intelligence Lv 40, Augmented Recovery Lv 40, Frozen Petals Lv 30

Spells: Ice Spear Lv 60, Snow Storm Lv 50, Ice Meteor Lv 30

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 200, Cold Immunity Lv 100, Icebound Lv 100

Ryan was surprised by the skills and status of his new familiar. No wonder Femradiel said that the new body had a lot more potential than the others. That was the absolute truth.

"This is not a bird, this is the body of Ice Phoenix," Femradiel said. "Your sense of aesthetics is so weird only big and scary things like Tyrant dragons are interesting to you?"

"Yes," Ryan replied.

In the end, Femradiel could only sigh at Ryan's sincerity. His sense of aesthetics was really distorted, but only because he became a combat machine in the last seven months. Regardless, Ryan at least was expecting a lot from Femradiel's new body, even though the Ice Phoenix was smaller than a human.

"Anyway, your naming sense sucks as usual," Ryan said. "Also, how do you plan to cast an Ice Meteor inside dungeons? What does this Frozen Petal skill do?"

"I don't want to hear that from you who named a Warg as Furball," Femradiel said. "I can decide at will where the Ice Meteor will be created, so it isn't a problem. As for the last thing you asked. You at least know what a phoenix can do, right? You see these tails? They represent how many times this body can be revived every day. For each ten levels of the skill, I can revive one more time every day. The only downside is that I have to charge the skill with mana, one million points of mana are needed for that."

Despite the absurd cost, the skill still was very useful. No wonder Femradiel had been busy in the last few days and didn't even notice the things Ryan experienced with Seth and Isis.

"You look slightly troubled; did I miss something while I was busy?" Femradiel asked.

In the end, Ryan decided to tell Femradiel what happened since he didn't have anything better to do and because he needed someone else's perspective in the matter. Maybe he was missing something

"Well, I think you graduated from your normal status this time," Femradiel said.

"What do you mean?" Ryan asked.

"This time you ended a situation by making an enemy and a possible ally," Femradiel replied. "Knowing your record, that is a pretty big accomplishment."

" Do you think I missed something?" Ryan asked.

"Don't know, I wasn't there to see things in detail," Femradiel replied. "But based on the things you told me, I guess you did the right thing. If this Isis went as far as to let you kill her minions only to obtain an ally in a fight against the other dungeon master, either she is crazy or she really was telling the truth. Maybe both. Well, knowing you even if she is planning to backstab you later, she probably won't find a good opportunity."

"I don't think she will," Ryan said. "Considering that she didn't try to ally herself with other dungeon masters here, her goal truly is to keep Seth on check and build her strength to defeat him once and for all if that is actually possible."

Even while using a minion, Seth was a master of illusions. Certainly, defeat a foe like that won't be easy. That was one of the reasons Ryan didn't feel like fighting him again for the time being.

"What is your goal now?" Femradiel asked.

"Make sure to keep you busy," Ryan replied. "I will need you to find any other weird places like the ones Seth and Isis created in this country. I can't let beings like those elder gods creating massive armies to do whatever the hell they want."

"Even my tracking powers have limits," Femradiel said. "You shouldn't put too much trust on them."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1