Chapter 545: Power Of The Elder Gods

Chapter 545: Power of the elder gods

As usual, before an important battle, Ryan spent several hours making potions that might help him in some dire situations. However, after sunset, he didn't even wait for Isis' troops to leave their camp and attack Set's. There was no time to waste, so he immediately teleported to the forest in that mountainous area and then crossed the Illusory barrier that Isis had set. Naturally, he entered by using the Northern side. Ryan wanted to make all the forces available there focus on him, in case Set's troops decided to attack once they notice something out of place. Unless they are stupid enough, they will come from the south.

Still, despite everything, Ryan couldn't help but frown upon crossing the barrier. He found hundreds of those humanoid felines guarding that part of the camp, and they didn't waste time and began to attack him.

As if it were rain, the beasts fired hundreds of Cursed Spheres toward Ryan, but their coordination couldn't even be compared to what Seth could do. Ryan summoned some Magic Bows and began to massacre the monsters while also moving around by using Evading Shot. Every time he used it, he escaped from the monsters' radar for a few precious seconds, and he used those moments to decimate dozens of them.

Much faster than Ryan expected, the monsters changed their strategy. If Cursed Spheres weren't fast enough to hit Ryan, they decided to use earth magic. In just a few seconds, Ryan saw his body being covered by dirt. Still, then the same dirt fell on the ground whenever he hit the head of a demi-feline with his magic projectiles. Standing still while trying to kill Ryan with magic wasn't a good idea, after all.

Once again, the monsters changed their strategy. Their magic wasn't good enough to kill Ryan, so when the second wave of those humanoid cats approached and joined the battle, they decided to start a massive melee. By surrounding him from all sides, Ryan wouldn't be able to use Evading Shot the way he wanted, so that was more or less the perfect countermeasure against a target that liked to move around too much.

However, when the monsters jumped to attack him, they were welcomed by several spinning spears that reduced their bodies to pieces. Ryan also ran toward the dungeon in the center of the area while firing with his Magic Bows, and no monster managed to survivor in front of him for more than a few moments.

Wherever Ryan went, dozens of monsters and a rain of blood followed him, but despite that, he didn't stop. Even when the blood covering his body made Ryan look even more savage and vicious than the monsters he was fighting, he kept moving forward. At least until he finally arrived at the dungeon and found an army of bosses waiting for him.

"This will be a little trickier" Ryan said and then sighed. "Or not."

Ryan pointed his right hand toward the dungeon, and then several Lunar Arrows fell from the sky like shooting stars. The first bosses got caught off-guard and died instantly, but others managed to block the projectiles at the cost of their claw-like weapons. While pouring mana potions over his body, Ryan kept firing at them. Until the very last died.

Congratulations! The class: Artemis' Disciple has reached level 14.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by twelve points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by six points.

"To think that you also would have the power of the elder gods" Ryan heard Isis's voice once again. "A small fraction, but you still can use it to slay my troops nonetheless."

Ryan couldn't say anything to refute that. If anything, it only confirmed his suspicion that the name of that class wasn't just a coincidence. Still, such thoughts disappeared from Ryan's mind when he heard Isis' following words.

" All right," Isis said. "I accept your terms."

"What terms?" Ryan frowned. "Don't you think that you are going to fool me after I have come this far?"

"You have to clear the dungeon, so I will let you do that without any interference. That way, you won't feel threatened by my forces all that much, am I right?" Isis asked. "Just give me your word that you will help me until I decimate Set's forces. No matter what happens, I can't let him have more strength than me."

" Why the sudden change of mind?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"As I said, you have and can wield the power of the elder gods," Isis said. "You are not all talk, it seems. I won't attack anything or anyone in this territory of yours. As long as I return faster than Set, I will be your ally."

That seemed too good to be true, but in the end, Ryan just had kept his guard up. Whether Isis is trying to fool him or not, he knew some ways to keep her under vigilance, and since she agreed to his terms, Ryan could push a little bit more.

Just as Isis said, Ryan wasn't attacked anymore, and, in the end, he reached the last part of the dungeon and saw the boss just waiting to be slain by him. At that point in time, Ryan couldn't help but worry things were going weirdly well. Still, suppose Isis was going as far as letting him defeat the dungeon boss without showing any resistance. In that case, he couldn't imagine what the hell she was planning. In the end, Ryan decided to play his card that he had stored to enrage Isis. If she does something, Ryan would confirm if she was lying or not.

"Before this, I need to tell you something," Ryan said. "I found Osiris and defeated him, or at least a weakened form that he had assumed here on Earth."

Silence took over the entire dungeon it looked like Ryan should have chosen his words more carefully.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1