Chapter 549: Squire

Chapter 549: Squire

While Mark and the others were having the meeting, Alissa was playing with Arthur, Mia, and Zoe. However, at some point, she stopped playing since she began to laugh too hard.

"Alissa, you shouldn't spy on others, even less so when Arthur is watching," Mia said while she was using Meditation and training the skill Fly that she just obtained. "You are setting a bad example."

"If you haven't opened your mouth to say exactly what I was doing, Arthur would never know," Alissa furrowed her eyebrows. "Anyway, I just can't help it. The meetings here are always just so funny. Your friends just spent six hours watching one hell of a boring movie in an extremely low resolution. Talk about being bored."

"Alissa, you shouldn't spy on others. That is bad," Arthur said.

"My name is not Alissa. My name is mama," Alissa said. "Call me mama, and then I will buy you the Fly tome."

"Mama said that is bad," Arthur said.

Arthur already was as big as a three years old boy. Despite the fact that he was actually seven months old, he already could think and talk like a normal kid around his age. Until now, no one noticed anything out of place due to his growth speed, but Mia still was attentive to all details.

"Did they talk about big bro?" Zoe asked.

"Naturally, and that was why I was laughing so hard," Alissa replied. "They were considering the possibility that Ryan joined the monster's side. He is so stupidly stubborn that in four months, he only used Femradiel's power three times. And your friends think they joined the monster's side after talking with a dungeon master two times."

Although the age difference was noticeable, Zoe also grew up at the same speed as Arthur. However, even though she grew taller in those six months, no one could say if she had matured mentally by that same amount. That was difficult since she was young, and the atmosphere inside the base wasn't that comfortable anymore. Besides, only a few people could have contact with Zoe due to her skills and importance to the place.

"Who is big bru?" Arthur asked.

"A guy who is a real pain in the ass," Alissa replied. "Despite that, he is always at the core of some very funny situations."

"He is funny?" Arthur asked. "But why does mama look sad when someone talks about him?"

"Because, like I said, he is a pain in the ass," Alissa said.

"Ass ass," Arthur repeated and then began to laugh. "That is funny, like big bru."

"Yes, Ryan is an ass," Alissa shrugged. "Anyway, things sure are quiet around here these days. For the better or, the worse, Daniel and his groupies always made this place livelier."

"... Daniel's team is trying hard to become stronger," Mia replied. "Holland and he already surpassed my rank."

"Boys are always so competitive" Alissa said and then sighed. "Anyway, you truly aren't interested in using your domain stone, am I right? Still, you should fight a little harder to make sure that you won't lose by losing your current position in the rank and thus hand it over forcefully the domain stone to someone else."

" Yeah," Mia said.

Alissa had control of her feelings; Mia was even more annoying than usual with her lack of energy. In any case, even Alissa was having a hard time lately staying in high spirits with the things that were happening as of late. First of all, Orgar was sleeping quite a lot, and now Daniel and the others were on a quest to obtain power. If Alissa didn't know any better, it looked like her position in the secret base was losing power and influence over time. While she wasn't that fond of the place, it was where she could find Arthur and Zoe. Besides, that was the home of her followers.

After watching all the work Ryan had to deal with in his domain, Alissa concluded that it was too much of a hassle to keep one. While Alissa still knew that Ryan's approach was kind of messy since he was making enemies left and right, she still didn't feel like having one.

While looking around and trying to find something to do to get rid of the heavy mood in the base. Alissa had an interesting idea. One that would amuse her quite a lot and perhaps make everyone stop wasting time wondering about useless things.

----- -----

After Ryan and Femradiel finished the job of checking all states, they found a slimes' dungeon that had never been cleared and, in the end, they killed all the monsters in a couple of minutes when Ryan used Ice Breath and covered in ice several mountains thanks to the amount of mana he recovered.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Squire, Thief, and Novice.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Squire!

You obtained the following skills: Longsword Mastery, Swordsmanship, and Provoke.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by two points. Your speed, health, mana, and control will increase by one point whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Longsword Master.

Effect: It passively increases the power of your attacks when using swords that requires two hands to be used. The extra damage will increase by five points multiplied by the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Swordsmanship.

Since you already have this skill, it will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Provoke.

Effect: It grants you the chance to provoke a target, increasing their physical attack by decreasing their defense. Each level of the skill decreases the foe's defense by one percent per level.

Cost: 10 stamina.

You obtained 01 status point.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan and Femradiel returned to their domain only to find some unexpected visitors. This time, even Ryan couldn't help but open his eyes widely in surprise. Alissa brought with her, Mia, Zoe, and Arthur.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1