Chapter 544: Brawler

Chapter 544: Brawler

Although Isis and Seth were probably too busy dealing with each other, Ryan decided to play safe and not let them have too many monsters to hunt around their bases. So, he began to hunt for massive concentrations of monsters.

"So many problems to deal with, I need to learn how to create copies of myself," Ryan said and then sighed.

While Ryan was hunting, he also decided to contact Gustavo and his friends once again. They seemed to be a quite knowledgeable bunch, so they probably knew how those were Seth and Isis.

"Gustavo is busy. What do you want?" Bianca asked.

"As tactful as ever, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows when he heard Bianca's voice since it had become naturally annoying in his head. "I wanted to confirm if you guys know about some creatures called Seth and Isis. They are two dungeon masters fighting each other in my country. Still, I am not sure if they are some sort of famous mythological creatures."

"What did you study at school if you don't know about the story of Isis, Set, and Osiris?" Bianca asked.

"You know, the usual, math and chemistry. I can't say that I think mythology or historical facts about other countries could help people like me before things changed," Ryan replied. "Anyway, I don't like to talk with you the same way as you don't like to talk to me, so give me just a brief summary about them."

"They are considered Egyptian gods, Isis and Osiris were once married, but Seth killed Osiris to take his throne," Bianca explained.

That was a really short lecture, but Ryan was satisfied with that much. He already fought Seth and knew what he could do, for now at least. Now that he thought about it, he fought against Osiris while he was in Brazil. The only one covered in mystery was Isis, but while Ryan didn't know what she could do, he knew how to taunt her.

In any case, attacking her base in the next few days and succeeding in defeating her is probably impossible. The seventh dungeon break is about to happen, and she has all the reasons to slay alert against Ryan. While he was thinking about the best way to proceed, Ryan found a weird goblins dungeon one that was only spawning shaman goblins. So, he decided to play with them while he decides what to do.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Brawler, Rogue, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Brawler!

You obtained the following skills: Deadly Fury, Punching Bag, and Bull Rush.

Your strength and health will increase by four points. Your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deadly Fury.

Effect: It puts you in a state of semi-invincibility where the pain caused by your enemies is decreased exponentially, and you can cause extra damage the more your health decreases.

Cost: 50 health per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Punching Bag.

Effect: It passively your strength when attacking the same enemy over and over again. The bonus in strength will be equal to the level of the skill per minute.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bull Rush.

Effect: It grants you the power to charge at the enemy and cause extra damage the greater the distance between you and the target.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan tried to make some new crossbows by using the goblins' spirits, but he failed at that. Or it was more accurate to say that he wasn't lucky. In any case, at least he had a good chance to train his elemental resistances and decide what to do. During the time he fought the goblins, Ryan used Clairvoyance to keep watching things on Set's camp. As expected, after a full day, the barrier was back, but despite the fact that Ryan could attack at any moment, Isis still her troops to attack the enemy's camp whenever possible.

"I guess her desire for revenge is too strong, and she can't see that this is a bad move," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Anyway, Seth had to magically modify a werewolf to be able to take over the body and not suffer damage over time, but I didn't expect that was something he could do so fast."

Maybe Ryan was missing something, but he couldn't be sure what that was without confirming things with his own eyes. He used Clairvoyance, but the skill failed. As expected, Seth thought of some countermeasures after learning about what Ryan could do.

Now that both parties were fully aware of Ryan, he couldn't just go in and out as much as he wanted. Besides, he couldn't focus on that area alone. The only thing he could do to minimize the damage Isis and Seth could cause is by letting them go at each other and prevent Isis' dungeon from breaking for the seventh time. If that were to happen, she would probably have enough strength to crush Set's army, and that would break the balance of power. To make sure that Set's troops won't cause her, probably again, Isis would increase her strength by making her monsters expand their area of action. As much as letting monsters kill monsters was appealing for Ryan, he knew he couldn't let that happen so often.

Considering all things Ryan had to deal with, he decided to attack Isis' camp after sunset. While waiting for a few more days would probably make her wear down her troops due to the fear of an attack, Ryan didn't have time to wait. It was time to put into practice all that training he had in the last few days.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1