Chapter 540: Night Hunter

Chapter 540: Night Hunter

It didn't take long for Ryan to learn that breaking the illusion would be much more complicated than he thought. It was because his Mind Armor was active. That skill also worked against Illusions at least with works against Illusions that affect his body directly, and that wasn't the case right at that moment.

"This must be an illusion that affects my sense of direction." Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Somewhere inside the dungeon, I probably take a turn without noticing and ended up returning to the entrance."

In the end, instead of hurrying, Ryan decided to walk inside the dungeon while touching the walls with his Spiritualist Spear. Those could drain the mana even from domains, so they should be of some use. Since Ryan didn't let the weirdness of the situation get the better of him, it didn't take long for him to find some fake walls made by illusion magic. Without hesitating, Ryan began to explore those, and thanks to it, he finally found some werewolves waiting for enemies. Ryan made magic bolts rain over them. The creature died pretty fast since their level of strength couldn't be compared to the bosses he defeated earlier. Fortunately, one of the monsters resisted Ryan's attacks quite a lot, and he had the chance to make a magic crossbow.

Night Hunter Crossbow

Effect: at the cost of eight points of mana, it grants the user the chance to fire bolts that cause two percent more damage at night.

Dexterity + 120, Intelligence + 80

Durability: 100/100

After feeling satisfied with the result, Ryan proceeded with his task. However, perhaps because he was too cautious not to fall for another illusion, some monsters began to appear from behind. They were just ordinary werewolves, but their numbers were pretty high.

"I guess they do understand that the sorcerer is more important than protecting their borders," Ryan said and then summoned some Magic Bows to kill the creatures. "Now that I think about it, if this is a werewolves' dungeon and the boss is just another werewolf why aren't they using illusion magic as well?"

That question was bothering Ryan quite a bit. Still, in the end, he decided to put it aside and focus on proceeding toward the last part of the dungeon. Fortunately, it didn't take long for Ryan to reach his destination. Still, before he proceeded, Ryan put several of his spears on the path toward the last part of the dungeon and made them spin. His focus would be divided, but at least now, he knew that anyone or anything that tries to interfere in the fight will be sliced apart to death.

Charging a preemptive strike with mana and stamina while his spears were spinning like that wouldn't be possible. Besides, if the monsters see Ryan preparing, they will probably become more violent, and the spears won't last that long. So, he moved toward the last part of the dungeon and then saw a weird-looking creature meditating while floating.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???,  ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???, ???

"Again" Ryan said and then sighed. "Why those guys insist so much on being such a massive pain in the ass?"

Ryan had a hard time describing the creature. Still, at least now, Ryan knew that they were some sort of high-level mythological being. Regardless, the creature had a blue staff on its lap, and they also had a body covered with brown fur. A dark cloak covered almost every part of the boss's body, aside from the head and forearms. Ryan couldn't see the eyes of the creature, but they had a long nose that made Ryan recall an armadillo and ears that seemed like it belongs to a dog. It really was a strange creature

"Ryan" The creature muttered without expressing many feelings through its rough voice.

"You know me?" Ryan frowned, already pointing two crossbows at the creature.

"Indeed those who try to challenge the elder gods tend to become relatively famous around us for the short amount of time they live after doing it," The creature replied.

"Elder gods?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Sorry, but you guys are more like alien invaders than anything."

"This land you claim to be yours, have always been ours" The creature said. "Even if we weren't here for the past few millennia, nothing would change that."

"I disagree in all possible sense," Ryan said. "Finders keepers."

"Do you know the first being who said that?" The creature asked.

"I can't say that I know," Ryan shrugged. "But if I had to guess, I would say that was a human. A relatively smart one."

"A thief is the correct answer," The creature said. "What did you humans do with this planet aside from destroying it? Despite that, you claim ownership of something that you can't even repair or treat with care?"

"Tough question" Ryan said. "Well, in all humans' defense I can say that you guys caused far more destruction and death than any of us in all those millennia that you refer to. So, there is no sense in trying to make me feel guilty or rethink if I am on the right side."

"To think that human arrogance has reached this level in the meantime we were away" The creature said while shaking its head. "It is truly a pity given that once, a long time ago, your species had a tremendous potential, but now all of you were just an empty shell of your former glory. Perhaps all of you indeed deserve extermination."

"Perhaps, I don't know if you can decide this, but I can decide by myself that I won't go down without a fight," Ryan said. "So, give your best shot, self-proclaimed elder god."

As soon as Ryan finished that sentence, the boss divided itself into hundreds of illusory copies maybe Ryan failed at estimating the strength of a tier two boss.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1