Chapter 558: Hydra'S Bow

Chapter 558: Hydra's bow

Congratulations! The class: Sniper has reached the max level. Reach the max level with two other classes to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Although Ryan decided to return one hour and a half before sunset since he achieved his goal pretty early, he still found someone unexpected in front of his tent even though he closed the place in order that no one noticed the fact that Bianca was there.

" Do I need to expect that something might happen today?" Bianca asked.

"What do you mean?" Ryan frowned.

"Did your night hunting cause something in the oceans? Will the monsters be wary of us?" Bianca asked.

"I don't think so," Ryan replied. "I made sure to hunt mostly lone targets, and when I fought them, I teleported too high in the sky in order to prevent alerting other monsters. Are you the only one who noticed that I left?"

"Unlike me, the others are pretty relaxed," Bianca replied. "Anyway, I won't say that you shouldn't do that, but you will take full responsibility if something happens due to your reckless behavior."

"Naturally," Ryan shrugged.

Much to Ryan's surprise, Bianca left after only saying that much. While she was similar to Anna, she wasn't that noisy. Or maybe it was due to the fact that Ryan was helping them a lot thanks to Teleport. Either way, it didn't matter. Ryan decided to take another nap before the sun could rise.

When Ryan woke up, everything was ready for the next day of the hunt since they had to refill only a few potions that they used during the day, and most of them were mana potions. It looked like everyone underestimated the might of those who could use Draconic Transformation.

"Yesterday we went South, so let's try to go North today," Gustavo said. "While the number of fights might change, I believe we can handle after all that combat experience we obtained. Are you fine with that, Ryan?"

"What do you mean?" Ryan frowned.

"We are taking our time here, and you are away from your home country and domain," Gustavo said. "Can you stay with us for a bit longer without worrying about how things are back there?

"That is no problem," Ryan shrugged. "Someone relatively trustworthy is watching my domain, and I am not the only one protecting my country."

"Relatively trustworthy?" Gustavo frowned while smiling.

"That is my highest tier of how someone can be trustworthy in my eyes," Ryan said. "I have high standards."

Gustavo couldn't help but laugh after hearing that, too bad that Ryan wasn't joking. Regardless, Ryan thought that they would depart immediately, but much to his surprise, some soldiers stopped them. When Ryan turned around, he saw some vehicles approaching. They were carrying some crazy things they were weapons made of bones, Hydras' bones.

Gustavo and the soldiers talked about something in Portuguese. After a while, Gustavo explained that the people who stayed behind worked all night to craft some weapons to be used in their Draconic forms. While Ryan would gladly accept any gift, he felt a little troubled, even more, so the valuable ones, since he didn't have much space in his storage dimension. He could increase it since he didn't do it since the very first time, he used Spatial Manipulation, but that seemed like a pain.

Gigantic Hydra's Bow

Effect: it grants you the power to fire arrows that, at the cost of three hundred points of mana, causes twenty percent more damage against aquatic monsters and restores your health by fifty points per aquatic monster killed.

Dexterity + 600, Speed + 300

Durability: 500/500

For some reason, the people there knew that Ryan was a bow user. Even though he wasn't as popular as Gustavo and his friends, he didn't receive a different treatment.

"I guess increasing my storage dimension is worth a shot due to this," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Ryan didn't intend to use the bow with his hands, but he stored it anyway. If anything, he could always sell it later now that he could make a magic copy of it. As for the others, they gained a sword, hammer, a spear, staff, and even gloves. Weirdly enough, Gustavo and his friends used those kinds of weapons each, even though Ryan never saw them fighting in human form.

"With those, I bet I will be able to fight while taking some risks," Gustavo said. "Letting Ryan Teleport the Hydras to the air is convenient, but that is starting to get too easy."

"You are getting carried away again, Gustavo" Bianca said and then sighed.

"While that is true, he has a point," Paulo said. "We should do some tests, but we should fight underwater more frequently to improve our fighting style underwater and because the blood spilled by the monsters will attract other monsters. Thus, we will kill more of them and waste less time."

Either if it was risky or not, Ryan couldn't care less. He would be able to focus on attacking, and that was what he truly wanted. Everyone agreed to fight underwater while using their weapons, but to avoid problems, they divided themselves into three groups of two. Ryan would work with Fernanda again, and their job was to support the others who would fight up close. Fernanda would help Paulo, and Carlos and Ryan would help Gustavo and Bianca. Since they looked like a pain, Ryan wanted to trade places with Fernanda, but he decided to stay quiet.

"You can attack as you see fit, Ryan," Gustavo said. "However, once the Hydras enter within reach of our melee attacks, you will need to step back and keep an eye on our surroundings."

That was only natural since everyone was just too big in their Draconic forms, so Ryan only nodded.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1