Chapter 557: Grinding

Chapter 557: Grinding

Ryan probably will regret that later, but in the end, he touched the block of ice that he created by using Ice Breath and then teleported it alongside with the Hydras to where Gustavo and the others were. That cost him a decent amount of mana, but that was a problem for later.

After summoning several magic copies of his Titanium Storm Long Bow, Ryan fired a massive barrage of arrows that hit the Hydras and paralyzed them for a few precious moments. Even underwater, those beasts barely could stay shocked for more than a blink of an eye.

"Well, might as well get used to this" Ryan thought once he noticed that Gustavo and the others still were busy fighting the three hydras.

When the bosses got close enough, Ryan prepared his hands. The monsters noticed that he wanted a fistfight. Still, much to their surprise, Ryan made several Spiritualist's Spears appear out of nowhere and fired at the monsters' eyes. Despite that, the Hydras moved their arms to block the projectiles.

For a fraction of a second, the monster lost sight of Ryan, and he punched the monster's arms and made the spears pierce their flesh even further. Ryan recovered some mana and caused a lot of damage, but as expected, his weapons lost a lot of durabilities. They were like toothpicks when compared to Hydras and Dragons, after all.

When the monsters moved their arms, Ryan was no longer in their field of vision, but then one of them suddenly began to tremble when the monster felt its tail being pulled by something. Only one creature was able to turn around and see what was going on, and found Ryan pulling the second Hydra by the tail and then gaining a moment to use it as a whip or whatever the hell he was thinking.

"This fucking thing is too damn heavy" Ryan clenched his teeth and then thought.

Even with the strength of Draconic Transformation, Ryan failed at using the monster to attack the other. Still, fortunately, before he could be attacked, a massive lightning bolt fell from the sky and hit the free monster. The creature was paralyzed just for enough time, and then Ryan made the Hydras' heads hit against each other.

Congratulations! Your class: monk has reached level 32.

Your health and strength have increased by twelve points. Your stamina, mana, speed, and endurance have increased by six points.

"I really like this!" Ryan thought, and then he made the Hydra spin again before making the heads of the beasts collide again.

Thanks to the second impact, the monsters lost consciousness for a few precious moments. Ryan gladly used that chance to fill their mouths with poisonous bolts after he summoned several copies of his pestilence crossbow. At least that way, the monsters wouldn't bleed that much. Regardless, soon Gustavo and his friends came to help Ryan.

Congratulations! The class: Sentinel has reached the level 86.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

"Well, this certainly ended faster than expected," Ryan said once he left the oceans to take a break and teleport the corpses to land.

"That was too risky," Gustavo said. "As expected, we can't let Ryan stay underwater alone."

"Nah, I got this," Ryan said.

"I am pretty sure you thought that you didn't. The telepathic channel was open when the bosses appeared," Gustavo said. "Fernanda, your electric attacks are probably the best option we had to stop the monsters if another big group appears. Can you give Ryan a hand?"

"Okay," Fernanda said while she nodded.

In the end, Ryan couldn't even say that Gustavo had imagined things since pretty much everyone heard his thoughts. Putting that aside, Fernanda certainly had a sweet voice. Ryan felt that it was a pity since she rarely talked. He could easily picture her as some sort of singer.

In the end, Gustavo made the right call by asking Fernand to assist Ryan underwater. The fights became more frequent, and the number of monsters increased in number as well before sunset. While nothing major happened, Gustavo decided to call it a day since everyone was pretty much exhausted.

"I guess this is enough for today," Gustavo said. "We killed more than one thousand Hydras and two bosses, and this is more than enough for our first day here."

Ryan certainly didn't feel that was enough. Basically, they didn't even kill the number of monsters a dungeon could spawn in a single day. Despite Gustavo's words, everyone knew that things only proceeded well because they didn't face many bosses. After teleporting everyone back to Rio de Janeiro, Ryan decided to take a nap in one of the barracks that had been set near the beach, and he slept until around midnight. When most people went to sleep, he woke up and then teleported back to the ocean, and no one spotted him.

"I can't let this chance go to waste," Ryan thought while he was swimming in his draconic form. "Hunt only for twelve hours? What a joke."

Although he knew it was risky, Ryan wasn't the type to sit around and lose half of the time he had just because of the danger. Besides, that was a rare opportunity for him to train his classes, now that he didn't have to worry if he should use Draconic Transformation or not. That being said, even Ryan wasn't stupid enough to fight two bosses at the same time and alone. When that happened, he retreated since the signs of the fights would alert other monsters and the people near the coast.

"In the end, I am at Gustavo and his friend's backyard. I can't do whatever I want since it might cause some issues later," Ryan scratched his chin in his draconic form and felt that was quite relaxing despite his frozen claws. "Regardless, it is time to focus on the grinding."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1