Chapter 556: Maybe Not

Chapter 556: Maybe not

Ryan, Gustavo, and the others began to look for Hydras while moving along the Brazilian coast. Just as expected, they found several of them near other coast cities. Maybe it was due to that, or perhaps it was due to their actions, but eventually, the fights against lone targets came to an end.

Suddenly two Hydras appeared and began to swim at high speeds toward Ryan. Gustavo and the others decided to approach, but using the telepathic channel, Ryan stopped them. One of the Hydras was attacked in the chest by Ryan's spear and was forced to come to a halt, and the other was stopped by Ryan's draconic arms. As usual and as quickly as possible, Ryan teleported the one who was trying to bite him to where Gustavo and the others were.

The second Hydra finally managed to overpower the spear and Ryan's Telekinesis, but only to be attacked by a massive stream of magic bolts. Ryan made several copies of the crossbows that could decrease endurance and speed, and thanks to it, when the monster tried to block the attacks with its arms, it only sped up its doom. Ryan quickly weakened the beast and then teleported to where the others were before too much of its blood could spread around the ocean.

Congratulations! The class: Sniper has reached level 93.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Congratulations! The class: Sentinel has reached the level 84.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Ryan couldn't help but smirk while he received those notifications. All the extra bonuses in statuses he had while using that skill were just too awesome. Then again, after getting excited, he began to worry. That was the usual pattern of his behavior when that skill was involved worried about if he wouldn't stop growing truly by over-relying on that skill.

"Are you all right, Ryan?" Gustavo asked after the second Hydra died.

"Yeah, what are you going to do with those corpses?" Ryan asked. "We are too far away from Rio de Janeiro. While I can teleport to an empty space on the beach, I will have to use a lot of mana."

"Our territory is pretty much one hundred percent secure, so we can leave near the coast and work to transport them back to our base once we complete the mission," Bianca replied.

Although no one disagreed with Bianca, Ryan couldn't help but worry about that. As if that wasn't enough, someone else put another worry in Ryan's head.

"Hey, I have been thinking," Paulo said. "Aren't Hydras supposed to be near immortal creatures that can only be killed when their heads are cut down, and their necks are burned? How come we managed to defeat hundreds of them just by causing direct damage while we pierced their vitals with our spears?"

"While that is indeed weird, we can't assume that all the mythological stories are true," Carlos replied. "If the Hydras had that much regenerative ability, we would be able to see a skill in their skill list that would represent that."

From Ryan's perspective having one hundred twenty thousand points in recovery alone was already more than enough. Still, now that he thought about it, it was weird that they were never forced to cut down the Hydras' heads before. After thinking for a while, Ryan imagined that their high recovery was to make them able to fight for long periods of time, even against the most troublesome opponents. However, the status of a spawned beast was beyond the control of a dungeon master. Considering all that, Ryan felt that things were going way too favorable for Poseidon.

"I guess that is the problem of using the same tool my enemies have been using for thousands of years," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Our knowledge compared to them will always be pretty basic.

They know much more than any human. Thus, they could put into action and make several things that Ryan couldn't understand. Therefore, he was forced to think that things were way too favorable to his enemies.

Instead of focusing on things he didn't know, Ryan focused on his job. He had no idea if Gustavo and his friends were planning to hunt at night, so he decided to speed up even more. To the point where he refused the help of Gustavo when three Hydras finally appeared and swam toward him.

"Don't worry, I got this," Ryan thought via the telepathic channel.

As usual, Ryan made his spear spin and then attacked one of the monster's mouths. While the beast was losing its bad teeth, it was forced to slow down. As for the other two, Ryan bombarded one of them with his Magic Bows and its effects that could decrease speed. The beast suffered a lot of damage and was slowed down as well, and then the last tried to bite Ryan's neck, only to face his draconic claws.

This time Ryan didn't waste time and teleported the beast toward Gustavo and his friends since the second monster was about to attack from his left side. Ryan took a quick glance at the first enemy and saw that it was almost stopping the spear's spin.

"Maybe not" Ryan thought.

Ryan opened his mouth and then used Ice Breath. At all that many monsters they had killed, Poseidon probably already discovered that someone was hunting his golden fish. So, Ryan went all out. His Ice Breath underwater froze everything between him and the two Hydras, and while he froze them, he could see life in their eyes. The damage being caused wasn't enough either

While Ryan was thinking about what to do, he felt the presence of two other Hydras approaching. He immediately used Clairvoyance to check the monsters, and he cursed when he saw their status. They were two Hydra bosses.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1