Chapter 554: Tactics

Chapter 554: Tactics

It didn't take long for Ryan to find the first Hydra. As he already knew, those creatures were pretty vicious. While the monsters watched them from the ocean, Ryan approached Fernanda and then tried to touch her shoulder, but she slightly flinched. Even in her draconic form, she was shy of strangers, that kind of hurt Ryan a little.

"Sorry" Fernanda forced a smile.

In the end, Ryan decided to ignore her to prevent any more waste of time. When he touched her shoulder, he immediately teleported to behind the Hydra, and she grabbed the creature with her arms and legs. It was kind of weird to see a dragon doing that. Still, it had been highly effective when Fernanda covered her whole body in electricity and began to shock the Hydra. Some damage was being caused, but not nearly enough to kill the monster in less than a single minute.

Ryan approached Gustavo and Carlos, who were the strongest physically, and then teleported both to in front of the paralyzed Hydra. Without a hint of hesitation, they began to kick and punch the monster, and even though they were dozens of meters underwater, their movements caused massive splashes on the surface of the ocean. While Fernanda's electricity damaged them a little, it wasn't nearly enough to slow them down. She was so good at her magic that she could focus her spell on the neck of the Hydra.

Despite the fact that the Hydra couldn't resist, Gustavo and Carlos had to attack for fifteen seconds before they managed to surpass the monster's scales and then kill the beast. Even though their Draconic Transformations had leveled up much more than Ryan's, the Hydras were that much of a difficult foe.

Before any more blood could be spilled and warn the other monsters, Ryan teleported those three and the body back to the beach. Ryan didn't use as much mana as he thought he would, but as expected, just doing a support job was boring and not very rewarding.

The survivors on the beach opened their mouths in admiration when they finally saw a Hydra up close. Not only were they almost as big as a dragon, but they also looked equally fearsome. Ryan felt something similar when he used Appraisal on the creature and saw that the monsters had gained thirty levels in the last few days.

"That took longer than expected," Gustavo said.

"You guys can create magic weapons, right?" Ryan asked. "You should make some of the people on the beach work to dismantle the Hydra's body. I bet using their bodies as materials to forge new weapons will save us some time."

"I will do that," Gustavo said. "Anyway, did you guys notice anything strange? It is hard to focus on our surroundings while fighting that intensely."

"You took too long, and a lot of blood was spilled," Paulo said. "That way, sooner than we want it, dozens of Hydras will come to attack us."

"We have to prevent that, naturally," Bianca said.

"I guess it is time to test the power of our weapons, then," Gustavo said. "We will cause more damage and faster with them."

"Let's try that, but let me offer a slight change in your plans," Ryan said.

They frowned when they heard that. It was just too soon to make any changes. As usual, Bianca seemed highly displeased by that, but Ryan told them his idea anyway. The plan was simple, Ryan would work as bait to speed up things. Instead of teleporting Gustavo and his friends to the ocean, he would teleport the Hydras to the air where they couldn't move all that well. In such a position, they would become a punching bag for Gustavo and his friends. Even better, they would be able to use their magic with no restraints. However, they decided to take things slowly since they didn't want to alert all the Hydras in the area.

Just as proposed, Ryan stayed underwater while everyone else was waiting for several hundred meters above sea level. Unlike the first time, Ryan didn't feel slow or heavier. If anything, he felt much more powerful than before. That feeling really was worrisome but in the end, Ryan focused his senses when he felt the approach of a Hydra.

"Things are proceeding quite fast probably because those creatures took over the entire Brazilian coast for themselves," Ryan thought.

Unlike last time, Ryan saw the monster's approach, and he was fast enough to react to it. When the beast tried to bite him, Ryan used both arms to stop the beast. As expected, he wasn't strong enough to completely stop the Hydra, but he was strong enough to prevent the monster's mouth from closing. Ryan smirked and then teleported himself and the beast to the place where Gustavo and his friends were ready to attack.

Once Ryan and the Hydra began to fall, he let the monster's mouth goal, but not before trying something a single punch. In the end, Ryan didn't cause much damage, but he gained a lot from it.

Congratulations! Your class: monk has reached level 26.

Your health and strength have increased by eighteen points. Your stamina, mana, speed, and endurance have increased by nine points.

Nine levels up in class thanks to a single point no wonder Ryan was grinning while Gustavo and his friends were preparing to impale the monster with their massive spears. Draconic Transformation was indeed useful to level up classes, just as it was to face powerful monsters.

Regardless, as expected, when Gustavo and his friends skewered the Hydra with their spears at the same time, the monster only lasted for a few seconds. It would be weird if they couldn't do at least that much together when using Draconic Transformation.

"This was surprisingly easy," Gustavo said, visibly perplexed. "Maybe clearing the Hydra's dungeon in five days isn't that impossible."

"It looks like someone is getting carried away" Ryan said.

In the end, Gustavo could only laugh since he let that small progress boosted his morale a bit too much, but at least he recognized that fact and recovered his focus.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1