Chapter 555: Lord Of The Sea'S Spear

Chapter 555: Lord of the Sea's Spear

Ryan thought that he wouldn't level up his skills a lot since he was only doing some support work. Still, much to his surprise, Draconic Transformation leveled up three times in a single hour. After wondering why that happened, Ryan considered that it was due to the massive mana he was using to teleport himself and the monsters around.

"While that is good and all, I want to level up my main classes," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, since we are only facing lone targets so far, maybe I shouldn't hurry."

Or maybe Ryan should hurry since things were proceeding too well, and that could change at any minute. However, since the mission's goal was to decrease Poseidon's army, Ryan decided to stick with the plan.

"I guess we should try to move more around the coast," Gustavo said. "I think we will have better chances of finding other Hydras by doing that. What do you guys think?"

"What if the Hydras attack while we are away?" Bianca asked with her arms crossed.

"That is a problem, isn't it?" Gustavo said and then scratched the back of his head.

"If we capture some Hydras and use their spirits to enchant some Ballista, the people who will stay in the city will have the means to fight back," Ryan said. "Killing them will probably be impossible by using such a weapon alone, but at least it will make the monsters leave to recover their wounds."

Gustavo looked at his friends, and they nodded at him. That seemed like a plausible plan, and since the survivors dismantling the corpses weren't fast enough, that was the only thing they could do. Gustavo and his friends also had plenty of experience crafting weapons, so they quickly created several Ballista. Due to their size, only those who had more than five hundred mana points would be able to use them, but they would need at least projectiles at least that big to pierce the Hydra's skin, so it couldn't be helped.

After forging those weapons and spreading them around the coast of Rio de Janeiro, Ryan returned to his work as a bait. Although it took a while, around noon, the city survivors had some crazy Ballista at their disposal. Even better, those weapons were specialized and good at hunting aquatic monsters.

Heroic Fisherman's Ballista

Effect: At the cost of five hundred points of mana, it grants the user the chance to fire a massive spear that causes thirty percent more damage at enemies in the ocean.

Dexterity + 700

Durability: 500/500

Just like Ryan, Gustavo and his friends could use Magic Upgrade. Still, after testing the weapons a few times, they concluded that was unnecessary for the time being. Besides, they needed a break, so they stopped for lunch since all the tension of the fights wore down their nerves.

"What do you want to eat, Ryan?" Gustavo asked. "I think we should eat whatever we want and as much as we want to celebrate and to recover our energy. I never thought we would be able to kill one hundred of those beasts in a single morning."

"Whatever is fine, I am not picky with food," Ryan said while he was trying to relax while floating. "I will accept your recommendation."

"You don't seem that excited, Ryan," Gustavo said while he furrowed his eyebrows. "Did something happen?"

"As far as I know, he is that kind of guy, right?" Bianca asked.

"Since when can you answer for me?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "It is nothing. It is just that I don't feel that excited since we didn't face a single boss until now."

While Ryan was only realistic, he ended up darkening the mood on the beach. Everyone knew that bosses were at least five times stronger than any mob. Considering that the Hydras dungeon has been left alone for six months, thousands of those are somewhere in the oceans.

Although Ryan killed the mood, Gustavo and his friends recovered pretty quickly since they were that type of people. In fact, even Ryan couldn't stay in a bad mood on the beach and under that crazy hot sun. It was almost hellish, but it was refreshing as well.

After lunch and while Gustavo and the others were making the final preparations to return to work. Ryan decided to make a massive spear for himself as well. While he would rather use a bow, storing such a weapon inside his storage dimension was impossible. Besides, Ryan needed to keep his hands free to protect himself and to teleport others. So, a spear added with the power of Telekinesis would do the trick.

"Let's see I need new material, one that can last longer and still be relatively light," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I have plenty of iron ores, so I just need to refine and transform them into something else. The question is: what type of material do I need here?"

To transform dirt in any type of metal, a certain quantity of mana was necessary. If Ryan doesn't keep his focus, he might end up creating a weapon that will have several types of material, and that was disastrous. Titanium was the material that Ryan had a certain affinity, but just creating a big ass spear made of titanium wouldn't be efficient.

Ryan didn't have much free time, so he ended up creating a fifty meters long titanium spear. However, he also made a mental note to research new types of metal in the future. Perhaps Femradiel knows some. Or Isis though Ryan would hate to owe her any favors.

Lord of the Sea's Spear

Effect: It grants you an extra speed and physical damage of ten percent while underwater.

Strength + 550, Speed + 330

Durability: 350/350

Ryan soon had the chance to enchant his weapon with a Hydra's spirit. As expected, just increasing the size boosted its power quite a bit, but in terms of how much mana Ryan had used, it wasn't as nearly as efficient.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1