Chapter 550: Battle-Freak

Chapter 550: Battle-freak

"What is the meaning of this, Alissa?" Ryan asked while glaring at Alissa.

"Wow, what a piercing glare," Alissa said, and despite her words, she was smiling. "I just bring some friends to play in your backyard. That is no big deal, right?"

"Do you have any idea how dangerous and imprudent your actions are?" Ryan asked.

"Don't start a lecture now, Ryan," Alissa said. "Besides, they wanted to see you. You can't complain since by solving a problem, you caused another. The atmosphere in the base isn't suited for women and children."

"Even though you are a woman and also a child, I don't think you are suited to decide that," Ryan said.

"I am twenty!" Alissa protested.

"I think your mental age is even lower than Zoe's," Ryan said.

In the end, Ryan sighed and just accepted what had happened. His glare and harsh words were scaring the visitors, so he took a deep breath to calm down his nerves. Even Zoe who more or less knew Ryan's usual behavior felt like she had done something bad by accepting Alissa's idea.

"I would say for you guys to enter and sit down, but there is no place to enter or sit down here," Ryan massaged his eyebrows.

"That is not a problem. I carry with me many things," Alissa said and then took out a lot of chairs and a table from her storage dimension. "Unlike Ryan, I don't only store weapons in my vault."

"Are you angry, big bro?" Zoe asked.

"Not because of you," Ryan replied. "You can relax since your nervousness is also making Arthur quite wary of me."

Mia and Zoe were holding Arthur's hands. The last time Ryan saw him, he barely could stand alone, but now he was big enough even to run while tripping only a few times. Ryan thought Arthur would grow up to be a cheeky child, but much to his surprise, he looked pretty wary and perhaps scared of Ryan. He was looking at him as if Ryan was the strangest and most suspicious-looking person he had ever seen. Arthur's instincts were probably right.

" It has been a while, Ryan," Mia finally said.

"I don't think so," Ryan said. "We met when I caused the dungeon breaks near the base. Anyway, there is nothing to see here, so I have no idea why you guys came. Do you want to clear the dungeons?"

"You are so bad at receiving others," Alissa said. "When are you going to build some buildings here? What do you do when it rains? Anyway, we have to laugh a little. I am going to share with you some funny things I heard lately."

Alissa is becoming even more unnerving by the day. That was weird since she was supposed to be fusing with Orgar's spirits, and he certainly wasn't that annoying, much less a joker. Regardless, Alissa's attitude to always do things at her own pace lightened the mood.

In the end, Alissa just told Ryan what she had told Mia and the others regarding the meeting that Mark and the others had. Just like Mia, Ryan told Alissa to fix that bad habit of hers, but it didn't look like she had any intention of doing that.

"It looks like some idiots think I am stupid enough to join forces with other dungeon masters," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I don't want to force others to think that I am smart, but it is annoying that they think I am that stupid."

"So, what happened when you attacked those places?" Alissa asked.

Ryan doesn't owe anyone any explanation, but in the end, he decided to talk about what happened since Zoe looked interested. Arthur's opinion of him was already pretty low. Ryan could tell since the kid was pretty quiet, and at that age, most kids weren't that quiet.

"Elder gods from Egypt," Alissa said those words while showing a rare serious expression. "Well, this situation doesn't surprise me all that much. Dragons also have their set of values and goals, so it is only natural that such beings would be the same."

After that, things stayed quiet for a while. Ryan was used to that, but his visitors looked pretty uncomfortable with the silence. In the end, they only tried to find something interesting to see in the distance, but they only saw a place that had been devastated by a nuke. There was nothing to see there aside from his summoned monsters and the Hydra that Ryan killed.

"So, this is one of the Hydras Gustavo and your noisy friends mentioned," Alissa and then approached the body that had been mostly eaten by Furball. "I can see that you had a hard time fighting this."

"How so?" Ryan asked.

"You only brought a single body, after all," Alissa said. "Anyway, you are awfully quiet today, Femradiel."

"This mood is too heavy, even for dragons," Femradiel said. "I want to resume my training, but I guess that would be too rude to you."

"It looks like someone else also had become a battle-freak," Alissa said. "Anyway, I am bored since Ryan is a terrible host, so I bet I can help you with this training of yours."

"I am grateful for your assistance," Femradiel said.

Ryan was one hundred percent sure that Alissa left to make things as awkward as possible for him, but in the end, he only felt thankful for that. The noisy person finally left, and Ryan finally had some peace of mind. That being said, after a couple of minutes, Ryan began to feel that he was wasting time he should be hunting monsters, not watching his acquaintances spar. Upon noticing that Mia and Zoe were fidgeting since they didn't have anything better to do, Ryan told them to clear some dungeons. Even if they were only two, they certainly were strong enough to easily clear the tier two dungeons.

"At least they know that they can't waste this good opportunity," Ryan muttered. At the same time, he watched those three heading toward the dungeons.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1