Chapter 565: Inspiration

Chapter 565: Inspiration

"Thanks for your help again, Ryan," Gustavo said and then offered a handshake. "I think we will be pretty busy in the next few weeks, but if something happens and you need a hand, you can call us."

"I can't say that I am the type who asks for help, but sure," Ryan said and then accepted the handshake. "Once the Hydras are about to reach the max level, contact me. I will make sure to be here if Poseidon tries anything funny. I will also make sure to have some surprises in store for him as well. Of course, we can't receive certain guests without certain gifts."

"Hahaha, I am not as confident as you when facing beings like that, but we will try the same," Gustavo forced a laugh and then said.

"Thanks for your help, ill-humored archer," Carlos said and then patted Ryan's right shoulder.

"You won't be the only one who will surprise Poseidon," Paulo said and then showed Ryan a brofist.

"Thank you for your help, and I look forward to working with you again," Fernanda said and then bowed.

"As long as you don't get in the way, I don't mind receiving your help," Bianca said and then snorted.

As much as Ryan wanted to say some sarcastic things after hearing all that, he decided not to. That atmosphere was just too weird for a lone wolf like him, so he just nodded and used Teleport to return home as soon as possible. Even though his home was just a semi-wasteland with a single building in sight.

Thanks to the fact that Gustavo lent him some pretty powerful mana potions, Ryan managed to return to Dallas in a couple of minutes. Unlike him, who wanted to do everything by himself, Gustavo had some people specialized in brewing potions. So, the difference in quality and effectiveness was that high.

"Oh? You came while using Draconic Transformation how unexpected," Femradiel said.

"It would be faster that way," Ryan said and then deactivated the skill.

"Still, to think you leveled up that skill so many times and returned after six days" Femradiel frowned. "You don't look like you succeeded, though."

"It is a long story that you can hear later," Ryan said. "Instead of that, did something happen while I was away?"

"Absolutely nothing. Things were as dull as they could be," Femradiel replied. "Your theory that dungeon master's save coins and mana when their dungeons are about to break appears to be correct."

While that was surprising, Ryan already confirmed that after using Clairvoyance and confirming the state of things in every single dungeon. In the end, Ryan told Femradiel what happened while he also checked her growth.

Radiel (Ice Phoenix)  Lv 85

Health: 42.000

Mana: 73.000

Stamina: 36.000

Strength: 4100 (+ 650)

Dexterity: 2900 (+ 250)

Speed: 3000 (+ 550)

Intelligence: 5200 (+ 1100)

Endurance: 2940 (+ 390)

Control: 1900 (+ 290)

Mentality: 3700 (+ 350)

Luck: 400

Recovery: 19.000 (+ 3500)

Willpower: 3700 (+ 350)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Frozen Touch Lv 94, Frozen Charge Lv +4

Passive Physical Skills: Augmented Intelligence Lv 80, Augmented Recovery Lv 60, Frozen Petals Lv 65

Spells: Ice Spear Lv 79, Snow Storm Lv 79, Ice Meteor Lv 52

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 250, Cold Immunity Lv 140, Icebound Lv 139

"I see Poseidon really looks like the worst type of enemy humans could have at the beginning of this new stage," Femradiel said.

In any other situation, Ryan would comment about how scared Femradiel was regarding Poseidon, but he couldn't do that now after dealing with a small portion of his troops. Poseidon was proving himself to be pretty annoying, and once he came to Earth with his full power

After checking the dungeon master's menu, Ryan confirmed that the Frozen Slimes dungeon broke, and now they were at level ninety. That wasn't so bad, but it looked like his plan of being a pain in the other dungeon masters couldn't be done in time. Hopefully, it will be useful in the future, but even Ryan didn't know if he was nave in waiting for that.

"What is the plan now?" Femradiel asked.

"I was planning on developing some countermeasures against Poseidon, but I can't do it without knowing a single thing about him and relying on myths for that might cause more problems than help," Ryan said. "So, until I have some clear idea, I will focus on doing the same thing I have been doing lately, making my country safer while I also steadily increase my strength."

"So, you are going to wait for inspiration," Femradiel said.

Ryan hated to admit that, but it was exactly what he was thinking. He still had a plan B, but he didn't want to do it since it would put him in a very uncomfortable position. However, if Ryan doesn't find a proper answer in just a few days, he will have to go with plan B. No matter what happens, he can't let Poseidon do whatever he wants as soon as he returns.

Although Ryan just returned from an aquatic mission, he soon returned to the ocean in order to check if his Hydra reached the closest beach. Since he gave the monster the order to come after the fifth day of the hunt, the creature was there waiting for him while eating some Giant Crabs that were leaving a dungeon.

"No, no. You will have to face the Tritons," Ryan said. "Those weaklings won't make you stronger. While you become stronger, you also have to decrease Poseidon's influence in this area."

Although Ryan went as far as using some buffs in his Hydra and kept it active indefinitely, the difference in strength between his Hydra and the others already reached a level where his new pet barely could keep up with them. Just as expected, the dungeon break made the monsters level up fifty times. With some strategy, maybe his Hydra could win a one-on-one fight, but a murderous and hungry beast could only use so much strategy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1