Chapter 566: Guardian

Chapter 566: Guardian

In the end, to solve the Hydra's problem, Ryan decided to use his battle machines. Although it seemed pretty silly at first, creating a semi-robotic Hydra turned out to be cooler than Ryan expected, and the results had been better than expected. Thanks to the help of ten battle machines, his Hydra was able to take down a stronger one.

"I guess this should be enough," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "The chances of you finding another Hydra before recovering completely are quite slim, after all."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guardian, Sniper, and Storm Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Guardian!

You obtained the following skills: Sacrifice, True Shield, and Defensive Aura.

Your strength and health will increase by six points, your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sacrifice.

Effect: A skill that sacrifices the user's health to recover the health of an ally.

Cost: 100 health

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: True Shield.

Effect: It grants you the power to take damage in the place of an ally. For every ten levels of the skill, you can take damage from one extra ally, and they need to be within your eyesight's range for this effect to take place.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Defensive Aura.

Effect: It boosts the Endurance of your allies against all types of attacks by five points per level of the skill.

Range: skill level multiplied by ten meters.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Thanks to the help of his Hydra, Ryan managed to clear a dungeon he had ignored before and obtained a melee class since he already had one of the potions, and the other didn't fit his fighting style.

"I feel kind of heavy now that I am fighting without Draconic Transformation as expected. That skill is dangerous in many ways," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

While decreasing Poseidon's strength was a must, Ryan returned to his domain after clearing that dungeon. But, of course, it would be better if he keeps thinking that only real enemies were coming from Brazil while Ryan's Hydra keeps hunting all his minions up North. In any case, now that Ryan was back, again, he couldn't help but sigh. He worked for a full day to clear that tier three dungeon, but in the end, he didn't get any inspiration.

"All right, I guess I need to compromise here. If in three days I don't find a satisfying answer for this problem, I will have to use plan B," Ryan nodded to himself.

"Can I hear about plan B?" Femradiel asked.

"No," Ryan replied.

"I see so it must be a touchy subject," Femradiel nodded to herself. "Knowing you, it must be something related to asking help for someone you don't want to."

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance it was very troublesome to be that easy to read. In any case, he couldn't let his anger be all that obvious. So, Ryan decided to change the subject.

"How are things in the Banshee's dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"I am dealing with that personally. You don't have to worry about it," Femradiel replied.

"You sound so confident that only makes me more worried," Ryan frowned.

"While they are troublesome creatures, I am stronger and smarter," Femradiel said. "I can even defeat the boss pretty easily. If someday I lose to them, I will live as an ordinary lizard instead of a dragon."

While Ryan shattered Femradiel's pride, at least he didn't make her think of that. That would be troublesome in many ways Regardless, things in his domain were fine despite everything. Ryan thought that he would have several more Elemental Golems dungeons since he thought Poseidon would try anything to drown his domain, but that didn't happen. Just like the other dungeon masters, he was preparing for his arrival.

"It looks like my Fire Golems are about to reach the max level" Ryan said while he watched those summoned monsters fighting some specters.

"It is time to make your choice," Femradiel said. "Let them stay at that level forever, or let them become even stronger by using Draconic Transformation."

In some very specific situations, Ryan couldn't help but use that skill. He was repeating himself, but Ryan truly didn't want to rely on that skill. His reasons didn't change now that he thought about it, Ryan noticed that he only used that skill when he was forced to fight for his pride and to protect others. First, he used it against the specters to recover the land where his parents were resting. Then, he used it in Indianapolis because he needed to force the people there to realize several things. Ryan also used to train with Alissa because she needed a hand since it had been a while since she had a real fight. Lastly, he used it when Gustavo asked to help him protect his domain and the people in Rio de Janeiro.

While that didn't fit his style, Ryan was satisfied with the situations where he used that skill because he felt like he used it based on the things his parents taught him. Fighting to protect pride and fighting to protect others

"Judging those situations from others will be pretty hard, but I guess those are the breaks that I need," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

However, now that Ryan thought about it, if he dies, he won't be able to protect his pride, and the land where his parents were resting would be defiled by monsters again. So, if he is in a situation where he is about to die, should he use Draconic Transformation or not? While he was protecting his life or his pride by doing so? That was a tough question

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1