Chapter 562: William Tell

Chapter 562: William Tell

Ryan had a hard time believing in Gustavo. Still, in the end, even when he got close to them after the fight, Carlos, Paulo, and Bianca didn't do anything to him. Talking seemed beyond their capabilities, but only that.

"This is so weird" Ryan frowned.

"Our dragons explained to us that skills like Rage blinds us to most types of instincts," Fernanda began to explain. "However, all sentiments had a target. While the target depends on the user, it isn't that destructive. For example, aside from Gustavo, our rage is directed to the monsters who destroyed our world and killed our families and friends."

"What about Gustavo?" Ryan asked.

" His parents died when dragons attacked Rio de Janeiro, but his little sister was killed by humans," Fernanda said. "I don't like to remember what happened back then when he discovered that, so I won't talk about it."

Ryan couldn't help but show a complicated expression. While he had a hard time when things started, in a sense, he was saved from a lot of trauma. His parents didn't die due to dragons, it was an accident, and he was a single child. If he had some other closer relative, even if he weren't a brother a sister, he would have gone nuts if monsters or humans had done something to them.

After hearing the incomplete history, Ryan decided to keep his wish of getting a skill similar to Rage in check. Power comes to a price, and maybe the skill he will obtain might bring more trouble than solutions.

Instead of heading toward the dungeon, Gustavo decided to guide everyone and move in a circle since the fights would only get more intense as they moved forward. They couldn't risk getting surrounded. Although they didn't get surrounded, the fights got more intense. The number of Hydras they faced skyrocketed to the point where they stayed in a single place for two hours, and the Hydras kept coming one after the other. In the end, they had to take a break much sooner than expected at noon, since thanks to Rage, everyone's bodies had reached the limit. However, Ryan retreated with a smile on his face.

Congratulations! The class: Weapons Master has reached the level 95.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Congratulations! The class: Ranger has reached the level 91.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Just a little more, and Ryan will get his third special class, but he needed to control his actions and the way he fights more cautiously. He couldn't let the wrong class reach the max level first then the other. Although Weapons Master was useful, Ryan had no idea what would come out by sacrificing that one alongside Sniper and Sentinel. However, if Ranger is sacrificed alongside them, something at the same level as Artemis' Disciple would definitely come.

"You don't look bothered by our sudden retreat," Bianca said. "Knowing you, I thought you would feel pissed by losing such a golden chance to level up your classes.

"Do I look that selfish to you?" Ryan asked.

"You have been working alone for the past seven months, right?" Bianca asked. "So, I am not really sure if the word selfish describes you enough."

"Touch," Ryan shrugged.

At that point in time, being called selfish was the last of Ryan's worries. In any case, after resting for two hours, Gustavo gave the call to resume the mission. That was a bit unexpected since they had already broken the record of the previous day.

"Are you certain this is a good idea, Gustavo?" Bianca asked.

"It is okay," Gustavo said. "Let's try a little harder until sunset. Once we get back, I will take of everything while you guys rest since I didn't have the chance to do much line the front liners."

Ryan couldn't but frown at those self-deprecating jokes. It looked like Gustavo not only had a dark side but also a depressing side. That was unexpected since he became the leader of thousands of survivors but in the end, Ryan couldn't help but think that perhaps his standards for a leader were too high. Maybe that was why he couldn't see himself leading anyone.

Either way, despite the retreat and the fact that Gustavo was kind of down during the whole afternoon, in the end, things worked out. Not a single accident happened, and Ryan also achieved his goal for the day.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Sentinel, Sniper, and Ranger? Y/N?

Ryan couldn't help but smirk while reading that notification. Although they were in the middle of a battle, he still chose yes and hoped for the best outcome possible.

Congratulations! You received the class William Tell's Apprentice. You learned the skills: Archer's Faith, Perfect Shot, and Secret Arrow. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by twelve points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by six points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Archer's Faith.

Effect: It passively increases the power of your arrows and bolts when fighting behind your allies by one percent per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Perfect Shot.

Effect: It passively increases the damage of your arrows and bolts by five percent per level when your first hit causes critical damage

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Secret Arrow.

Effect: When causing a critical hit, your spirit might fire another arrow or bolt that will hit the place the first attack landed, causing another critical hit.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan laughed a little after receiving that notification. First Artemis and now William Tell it was quite amusing that the system was granting him classes of famous figures that used bows. May they be mythological or historical

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1