Chapter 567: Demolisher

Chapter 567: Demolisher

After spending another day clearing another dungeon and obtaining a new class, Ryan finally accepted that he got ahead of himself. Until now, he didn't have a single idea as to how to become even a minor nuisance in Poseidon's ass. Not even the new class that seemed pretty interesting helped him with that. Regardless, the skills were useful and they would come in handy in many situations. Even if Ryan tries to fight with long-ranged weapons or melee ones.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Demolisher, Poisonous Archer, and Arch Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Demolisher!

You obtained the following skills: Adrenaline, Harden, and Havoc.

Your strength and health will increase by six points, your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Adrenaline.

Effect: It increases your strength for ten seconds after killing a foe. The bonus in strength will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Harden.

Effect: It increases your endurance for ten seconds after killing a foe. The bonus in endurance will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Havoc.

Effect: It increases your attack speed when using melee weapons by twenty percent per level.

Cost: 100 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Wow, those are some interesting skills, and you didn't even look at them for a single minute," Femradiel said.

"Are you that bored, Femradiel?" Ryan asked. "Besides, you couldn't be more wrong. I just have other things to consider. I already know how I should use them."

"Yes, I am," Femradiel replied. "Even though my life on the southern part of the continent wasn't exactly exciting, lately I feel like yawning quite a lot."

"What about the dungeons you were supposed to be guarding?" Ryan asked.

"I am letting the dungeon masters accumulate some monsters in order for them to pose a real challenge to me," Femradiel replied. "Don't worry, the bosses will spawn in ten hours, and I will make sure to deal with all the minions before they could become a real problem. Anyway, it looks like you are about to use plan B, even though I don't have any idea what your plan B is."

"You are so smart. Maybe I should wait for you to give me an answer to my problems," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"I am pretty sure you wouldn't fall that much," Femradiel said. "Don't give up on hope yet, Ryan."

Ryan sighed. Lately, it was too tiring to discuss with Femradiel about certain things. Ryan felt like a child, and he should be since most dragons were probably centenary creatures. He felt like calling Femradiel an old hag, but that didn't feel that accurate either. After thinking for a while, Ryan came up with an answer... not a very satisfying one, but at least it would guide him to a solution to at least one of his problems.

"Whatever, I am going to talk with Isis," Ryan said.

" What are you going to ask her?" Femradiel, and she seemed pretty surprised.

"I am to ask if she knows about some alien technology or material that can be useful to me," Ryan replied. "I can create most types of metal on Earth, but I guess I reached the limit of how powerful my weapons can be by using them. Since most of my enemies live on alien planets, then it should be obvious that I would have to go that far someday."

"I wish I could help you with that, but as you already know, I lost all my memories when I came to Earth," Femradiel said.

"It is fine. It can't be helped," Ryan said. "Now that you mention, you haven't recovered a single memory yet? Even though you said power is related to our memories, and the familiars already are more powerful than your previous form?"

"Yes I have no idea why that is the case, though," Femradiel said after she turned to the side and began to watch the blue sky. "I don't think I was wrong, but It is hard to find a proper explanation."

Ryan recalled that Alissa wanted to ask the dungeon masters why the dragons lost their memories. Unlike Ryan, she probably didn't try to negotiate with one, so she couldn't ask someone like Isis for that answer. Ryan made a mental note to talk about that with Isis as well even though that will probably make him owe a lot to her. That was an, even more so for someone like Ryan.

"I suppose that is necessary. That kind of information might be useful if she has," Ryan said.

"What might be useful?" Femradiel asked.

"Nothing important I was just thinking out loud," Ryan replied while he shrugged.

Femradiel didn't insist on the matter since she knew how stubborn Ryan could be. While Ryan wanted to tell her, it was useless to make her hope for something that Ryan wasn't so sure. While Isis probably was as powerful and used the system as long as the demon generals, it doesn't mean that she would know as much.

Ryan used Animalistic Transferred and confirmed that his golems were alive and stationed where he left them in Isis' camp, so he immediately headed there to talk with her. While she could talk with him, it was obvious that she would need a lot of mana, and it was only natural to go to someone else's life in order to ask for a favor.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1