Chapter 564: Castle

Chapter 564: Castle

Ryan monitored the Hydra with Clairvoyance and confirmed that no other monster attacked the creature or changed their behavior upon seeing some of their kin returning to their base. That made Ryan realize that such behavior was probably common among them perhaps it was due to that reason they didn't fight many bosses lately.

Regardless, Ryan lost sight of his tamed monster when it began to cross the Sea Storm, so Ryan used Animalistic Transference. The skill worked, and now Ryan obtained control over the Hydra. While from outside, Ryan didn't see much, thanks to the vast concentration of mana, from inside, he could see hundreds of whirlwinds blocking the Hydra's path. The creature had a crazy level at the Swim skill, so Ryan managed to avoid those, but he felt a lot of power pulling him to them.

While controlling the Hydra's body, Ryan had to cross dozens of kilometers of stormy waters, and while he had to dodge countless whirlwinds, he didn't see a single monster. However, after a while, the water calmed down, and Ryan saw numerous monsters ahead of him. While the vast majority weren't Hydras' bosses, the number of ordinary mobs was just too insane. But what really surprised Ryan was the fact that they weren't fighting amongst themselves. All the monsters were working together and building one heck of an ice castle.

"Hey, hey seriously?" Ryan frowned in disbelief. "Are they really building Poseidon's castle in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean? Why make it using ice, though?"

Now that Ryan thought about it, Hydra's Cryomancy level was higher than the level of their basic water-type attacks. It was without a doubt because they were being used to build one massive castle made of ice.

Ryan let out a long sigh defeating all those monsters was impossible, even if he works together with Gustavo and his friends for an entire month, day and night. Poseidon's castle will be finished, and the Hydra's dungeon will reach the max level even sooner than that. Despite the odds, Ryan didn't feel that bothered by it. Maybe he didn't have the strength to defeat a Greek god now, but as far as he was concerned, his potential probably didn't have a limit. As long as dungeon masters try to create a link to Earth, he will always have new chances to obtain more classes.

For an instant, Ryan considered making his Hydra attack the ice castle and cause as much destruction as possible, but in the end, he changed his mind. Losing such a monster would be a waste and besides, letting Poseidon underestimate them for a while longer wasn't so bad.

While the Hydra was returning by itself, Ryan checked his classes. Weapons Master was about to reach the max level, but that wasn't a class that was specialized for archers like him. While Ryan had some other archer-related classes, they will take a while to reach the max level.

"I guess I will use this opportunity to train for those classes," Ryan nodded to himself. "While we lost this battle, we won't accept losing the war. That is why I need to make sure to become as powerful as possible before Poseidon returns."

As soon as his Hydra returned, Ryan began to hunt others. In order to make the most out of his time, Ryan used all the skills he could use while his Hydra was luring other Hydras toward the fight. Thanks to Evading Shot, Vital Hunter, and his Immobilizing Crossbow, even when he was fighting four against one, Ryan didn't receive a single scratch. He used a lot of mana indeed, but that was a normal occurrence.

---- ----

In the end, nothing major happened in the next two days. Gustavo also talked with his other friends in order to see if they had some good idea as to how to handle that situation, but they didn't.

At some point, they managed to hunt seven thousand Hydras every day, but that was their limit. Since Ryan was going back home, Gustavo decided to decrease that amount by at least two thousand. Hunting four or five thousand Hydras every day was good enough considering that the dungeon could only spawn less than a thousand per day.

"So, how are you going to handle this?" Ryan asked while he was standing on an earth platform created by him, alongside Gustavo, Bianca, Carlos, Paulo, and Fernanda.

"We will equip everyone with magic items that will improve their strengths while fighting underwater," Gustavo said while they were watching the sun rising on the sixth day after Ryan's arrival. "That ring you mentioned is going to help a lot, and even though only a few of us have experience fighting the Hydras, I am sure that we will need mana. We just need to make others lose their fears in such an environment."

Ryan could already imagine that plan working to some extent. Hydras were voracious beasts, so they would always attack the strongest prey first. So, as long as at least one member of Gustavo's party stays with them, he couldn't see the Hydras eating humans alive first.

As soon as the sun emerged from the horizon, everyone felt the Earth tremble. As usual, those earthquakes were as powerful as they were unnerving, and for some reasons, they always seemed stronger than before.

After a couple of minutes, a tsunami coming from the ocean approached Rio de Janeiro. However, before the massive wave could hit the city, hundreds of survivors used their Water Manipulation to prevent it. Gustavo said that was something they had to do every month, so they had that group that specialized in manipulating water. Regardless, Ryan didn't stay until now to see that. Instead, he stayed in order to make sure the Hydra wouldn't try anything soon after the dungeon break.

The whole city kept their eyes in the ocean in order to fight the possible threat, but in the end, at noon, they resumed their normal lives. Based on Ryan's findings, everyone understood that the new Hydras would only speed up the construction of Poseidon's castle.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1