Chapter 560: Realism

Chapter 560: Realism

Ryan's quick response didn't surprise Bianca. As expected, she truly wanted to clear the Hydras' dungeon. Still, she was realistic enough to understand that do that in three days was probably impossible.

"At this pace, it is impossible, huh" Bianca said.

"That is right," Ryan nodded. "Even if we increase our pace by five times, it won't be enough," Ryan said. "That is just my speculation, but Poseidon is looking down on us. He probably already knows about what we are doing. Still, he didn't send or organized a team of bosses to wipe us out because he knows that we can slow down his return more than a little bit."

The idea of killing ten thousand Hydras every day seemed like madness from Bianca's perspective, but she had faith in her friends in the end. Maybe in two weeks, they will be enough to do that, even without Ryan's help. However, that won't be enough. In less than ninety hours, the seventh dungeon break will happen. Everyone knew that the Hydras dungeon level would increase by at least fifty. During the day, the Hydras' level increased by three, so there was a clear chance that their dungeon would reach the max level even before the eighth dungeon break Everyone's predictions were way off the mark. Even Ryan's who was the worst one

"What do you plan to do in case we fail?" Bianca asked.

"I will make the most out of the situation," Ryan shrugged. "If I obtain at least two special classes before the dungeon break, I will be satisfied with it. Speaking of which, how many times you guys obtained special classes, I don't think those will prevent the dungeon break, but it will certainly improve our prospects."

"Two times we are a bit far away from reaching the third time since we rarely change our fighting style," Bianca said.

It looked like Ryan would be the only one who would obtain a special class the next day. It was only natural since Gustavo's team didn't have the leisure to try new skills and classes. Each one of them had a role in the team, and trying new skills would decrease their performance in each role, thus causing problems to others.

In the end, Bianca left while biting her nails. It looked like it would increase their chances of slowing down Poseidon's return even for a few days to her friends. She would have to adapt to the situation. That seemed like madness since they never tried new things, even against weaker targets. So, trying that against Hydras was the same as asking to get hurt. Still, that wasn't Ryan's problem, so he quickly fell asleep since he already knew what he had to do.

As usual, around midnight, when things got really quiet, Ryan left to hunt again. However, this time he looked for Hydras more carefully. While he had a certain image of Poseidon, it doesn't mean that he couldn't be more wrong and that the dungeon master could be preparing some trap to get rid of them.

Congratulations! The class: Sentinel has reached the max level. Reach the max level with another class to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

However, in the end, nothing truly happened. At that point in time, Ryan couldn't help but feel slightly pissed at his own theory. If Poseidon was looking down on them, Ryan would make sure to fire one very sharp arrow up his wet ass.

Once again, Ryan returned a bit earlier than expected to take a nap. However, things were a bit different the next day. While Ryan was expecting to receive some defensive gear made of bones or scales of the Hydras, no one showed up to give that, not even to Gustavo and his friends.

"Making weapons out of bones is easy, but the same thing can't be said about armor and shield," Gustavo explained once he noticed that Ryan was looking around and waiting for that. "Besides, it is not like we are in dire need of equipment, right?"

"Not yet," Ryan said.

"Come on, don't be pessimistic," Gustavo slightly hit Ryan's back.

"Pessimism and stubbornness were the only things that helped me survive this far," Ryan said.

Much to Ryan's surprise, Gustavo didn't say anything after that. He doesn't remember sharing his life with anyone, but it looked like from some outside source, they knew more or less about Ryan's footsteps. That outside source is probably a flat-chested, silver-haired girl who has the bad habit of reading other people's minds.

Things changed in the ocean as well, the very moment Ryan and the others began to search for Hydras, they noticed that the number of fights had decreased. Even after Ryan teleported them up North for quite a while, that didn't change.

"It looks like the Hydras are truly concentrated in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, between South America and Africa," Gustavo said. "That is where their dungeon is"

"Despite their lack of concern for our attacks, they still have some sort of defensive strategy," Bianca said. "The more we approach, the more we will fight and tire. That will give plenty of chances to other groups of Hydras to finish us off."

"What are we going to do?" Paulo asked. "Our main goal was to clear the Hydras' dungeon, but that is beyond our abilities. We can return and feel satisfied with our achievements, Gustavo. Our domain is safe now."

"Yeah but until when?" Gustavo asked with an unusually serious expression on his face. "Even if we focus single-mindedly on increasing the strength of our domain, it won't be enough when Poseidon obtains the power to manifest himself and show his true power on Earth. We will definitely be his first target, but before that happens, we need to decrease his forces as much as possible"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1