Chapter 568: Request

Chapter 568: Request

"I didn't expect you would return without being called," Ryan suddenly heard Isis's voice when he arrived in the area and found her camp.

"I didn't expect either, but here I am, and I want a favor," Ryan said.

"A favor you say" Isis said, and she seemed amused for some reason.

Ryan sighed. From someone else's perspective, seeing someone prideful like Ryan asking for a favor was amusing by itself. However, from Ryan's perspective, things couldn't be more annoying. That was why he didn't want to come.

"I am listening," Isis said.

While Ryan wasn't that interested in meeting Isis in person, he couldn't help but wonder until when he would base his image of Isis based on her voice. Then, while he couldn't care less about her looks, at least by looking at her, he would be able to at least try to see if she was fooling him or not.

"I am interested in alien technology. More specifically, I want to know if you have access to types of metals that can't be found on Earth," Ryan said. "If they can be turned into weapons, even better."

"I know some, two types more exactly, that I have access to and that can be used to forge weapons, armors and even upgrade them without magic," Isis said. "There is another one, but I don't have access to it. Only powerful mages with absolute control of mana can make it."

"A material that only mages can make?" Ryan frowned.

"That is right, the name is mithril," Isis said. "Although I said the name, you shouldn't try to find it. You will lose your time. Like I said, only mages that have absolute control over mana can make them."

"What about the others?" Ryan asked.

"Like I said, I have access to them, but I can't give that information for free," Isis replied.

"I was already expecting that," Ryan said. "I assume you want me to do something for you in exchange for the information and the means to find the materials. While I am in no position to ask for that, I don't have much free time, and I am in a hurry."

"Understandable, Poseidon is about to appear, and you humans are pretty much screwed once he returns," Isis said.

As expected, Isis was aware of the situation in the oceans. While Ryan had no idea how the relationship between Greek and Egyptian elder gods was, Ryan could imagine that having one of them arrive much sooner than the other wasn't a good idea for the balance of power. Now that Ryan thought about that, he felt pretty pissed. In the end, most dungeon masters were treating humans like weak pieces in a massive chess game that they were playing by themselves. In any case, at least by helping Isis first, he wouldn't owe her anything later

"I have a dungeon in Egypt that is facing some trouble," Isis said. "I want you to deal with that trouble."

"Humans?" Ryan asked.

"I told you before, I won't ask you to hurt your kin in my place," Isis said. "The truth is, some humans already joined my side, but they are being overwhelmed due to some troublesome enemies. So I want you to help them with that."

Now Ryan started to have mixed feelings about the situation, he couldn't forgive humans for joining the dungeon master's side, but now he was more or less on peaceful terms with one. So, he didn't have any other choice but to review his thoughts and actions.

Putting that aside for the time being, while Ryan could reach Egypt relatively fast with Teleport, who knows how long he will have to stay there to save a problem that Isis' followers couldn't solve. Indeed, she gave them a bunch of powers to become her allies

"Can you tell me more about the situation there?" Ryan asked.

"Certainly, before that, let me give you some details since you appear to be wrong about my way of doing things," Isis said. "While I rule justly over those who agree to follow me, I don't promise them power or other things to entice their mundane desires. Those who agreed to work with me will receive proper support from my troops and me. The same can be said about their families. Just like I told you, I don't force anyone to do immoral things for me."

"What about those that decided not to follow you?" Ryan asked.

"They were free to look for other masters. You have my word that those who didn't touch my people or my army didn't suffer a scratch," Isis said.

The more Ryan talked with Isis, the more he was forced to review his actions and thoughts. If what Isis was saying were true, how should he act? Should he despite those that joined her for protection? That was a tough question, another one If Ryan hadn't lost his parents and they lived somewhere, and he had to consider joining the side of one of the dungeon masters, would he had accepted the invitation for the sake of his parents?

According to Yahiko, a lot of humans joined the side of the dungeon masters, guardians, and even the fallen in the region around India. Knowing that, and given that Ryan had no idea about the situation in those countries, should Ryan have his own set of values and experiences to judge those people?

"You seem conflicted about something" Isis said.

"Don't mind me," Ryan said. "You can continue with your explanation."

"As I was saying, my people there are having a hard time due to the army of another dungeon master," Isis said. "You will understand the situation better if you talk with them and see for yourself."

"If I solve this situation, what am I going to receive in exchange?" Ryan asked.

"I don't know other dungeon masters who have access to these resources, so I will give you access to a world in my control that has the materials that you want," Isis replied. "Of course, you will have the chance to mine the materials as much as you want as well."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1