Chapter 573: Trump Card

Chapter 573: Trump Card

Chimera  Lv 700

Health: 85.000/85.000

Mana: 85.000/85.000

Stamina: 85.000/85.000

Strength: 4000 (+1100)

Dexterity: 4000 (+1100)

Speed: 4000 (+1100)

Intelligence: 4000 (+1100)

Endurance: 4000 (+1100)

Control: 4000 (+1100)

Mentality: 4000 (+1100)

Luck: 4000 (+1100)

Recovery: 4000 (+1100)

Willpower: 4000 (+1100)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Paralyzing Whip Lv 400, Body Slam Lv 400

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 400, Enhanced Speed Lv 400, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 400

Spells: Poison Spear Lv 400, Thunder Spear Lv 400, Fire Breath Lv 400, Acid Breath Lv 400

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 400, Cold Resistance Lv 400, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Earth Resistance Lv 400

Maybe it was due to their bodies, but it was quite weird to see monsters so balanced. Their bodies were more or less like Ryan had imagined. They had a snake as a tail, a lower half, and the face of a lion and eagle's wings. At least, that was how Ryan would describe it. The monster's parts were much more beastly if compared to the animals from Earth.

"The human chimeras aren't here," Femradiel said.

"They must be their trump cards," Ryan said. "Unless they lost the ability to obtain classes, a chimera that has a human as a basis would be pretty fearsome."

In any case, the monster could fly, so Ryan had to expect an aerial battle. Against dozens of thousands of chimeras, he could easily be surrounded by all angles. So while he could use Teleport to escape, it would be better to keep that skill hidden from the dungeon masters.

While they were the most troublesome enemies, Ryan wanted to decrease their numbers first, even though the others probably will have to hide in their dungeons to escape his attacks. From an archer's point of view, it would be more logical to decrease the annoyances as much as possible. However, Ryan had an advantage that he could only use at night, that was Lunar Arrow.

In order to prevent himself from being discovered, Ryan would have to attack from a certain distance. While his eyes were good enough for him to see things ten kilometers away as long as there were no obstructions, Ryan doubled that distance and decided to use Clairvoyance.

While Ryan will have to use the skill several times to kill a single chimera boss, that much was fine. Why? Because he was one hundred percent certain that their dungeon wasn't big enough to protect so many monsters.

"Mohammed said that they have other groups trying to defeat other monsters near other dungeons, so I need to be fast before those groups come to the rescue," Ryan said.

"Aren't you going to use some of them to create a magic crossbow?" Femradiel asked. "While they don't have space inside the dungeon to protect all the monsters, they certainly can protect the bosses."

Thanks to Femradiel's words, Ryan hesitated. Using the monsters later to create and upgrade a new magic weapon will be too much work. Still, if he does that now, he will save himself from a pain in the ass but will lose the chance to eliminate a few dozen bosses.

If Ryan decides to capture some monsters, he will have to do that and then beat the crap out of them as fast as possible before the dungeon master can see what happened. However, doing that against a new type of enemy that Ryan had no experience dealing with was a bit too much. As usual, Draconic Transformation would save Ryan a lot of time, but he decided to take his chances by using something else, and that was the Petrification Crossbow.

Ryan decided to do some image training first in order to make things go as smoothly as possible. After that, he found on the left side of the army his targets. Ryan chose that place because even the monsters couldn't help but feel sleepy in the middle of that cold night. While his chances of being noticed would decrease if Ryan waits a bit longer, he didn't want that. He wanted to have as much time as possible to attack the monsters after getting his newest weapon.

In the end, everything went as smoothly as possible, just according to the plan. Ryan used Teleport to appear in the middle of the ten Chimera bosses. In the blink of an eye, Femradiel covered them in ice. Before the monsters nearby that group could see or even feel the cold, Ryan teleported back to his old position.

"Nice one," Ryan said and then summoned magic copies of his Petrification Crossbow.

The ice slowed down the reaction speed of the monsters, so before any of them could do anything, Ryan already had hit their wings and limbs. The petrification began to occur, but the monsters had some resistance to that effect for some reason. However, before Ryan could think of any way to prevent the monsters from freeing themselves and seeing Ryan, Femradiel froze their heads.

" I guess you don't have a bird's brain, huh?" Ryan frowned.

"What is that supposed to mean?" Femradiel asked.

The Chimeras couldn't do anything against the ice that Femradiel put in their heads, so Ryan had the chance to petrify and decrease their health until he felt necessary. After that, he just went to his usual process of magic weapon creation.

Chimeric Crossbows (+ 11)

Effect: At the cost of 150 points of mana, you can fire three bolts every single time with this weapon. Each bolt has a different property, they can paralyze, poison, and corrode the target.

Dexterity + 240, Intelligence 120

Durability: 150/150

"Not bad, huh," Ryan smirked. "With this weapon alone, I will be able to multiply my attacking speed by three."

"And also decreases the amount of time you can fight without using mana potions by the same amount," Femradiel said.

"A small, but necessary problem," Ryan shrugged. "As long as I can defeat my foes as fast as possible, I don't see any problem in using all my mana."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1