Chapter 577: Go For The Legs

Chapter 577: Go for the legs

While Ryan was having a lot of fun slowing down the armored crocodiles, Femradiel was having a hard time slowing down the magma golems, even though the people who Mohammed asked to help her used some potions to increase her intelligence. Despite the fact that hundreds of Demi-Felines were helping Femradiel as well, their attacks were losing a lot of power due to the distance.

As if things weren't complicated enough, Ryan could see a dark cloud coming from the South. The Chimeras finally were about to join the fight, and unfortunately, Ryan couldn't stop Mohammed's soldiers unless he finds a way to draw the attention of all armies. Fortunately, Ryan had the perfect way to do that and the perfect excuse as well.

"Come over here, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"Heh, so you really are going to do it, huh," Femradiel said, and for some reason, she looked pretty excited.

"It can't be helped, I need those materials and I can't afford to let Isis use the death of her followers as an excuse to go back on her world," Ryan shrugged.

"While I don't feel the need to speak, I observe everything that happens in this base," Isis suddenly said. "I didn't intend to demand anything unreasonable for you, but I suppose if you manage to prevent a single death within the walls, I will offer you an extra reward."

Ryan couldn't help but frown when he heard that. It was only natural that Isis would watch everything. Regardless, Ryan gave Femradiel control over his massive spear, and then he jumped from the wall. Before he could start to fall, he used Draconic Transformation. Suddenly, the whole battlefield went silent. The three armies stopped their march, and the Demi-Felines and humans within the walls stopped their attack as well.

"I am not going to fight alone, so you guys shouldn't stop," Ryan said, and then he teleported to where the Chimeras were.

Before the monsters could react, Ryan used Ice Breath and turned into ice statues of the monsters near him. Those who survived the first strike were killed by the magic bows that Ryan summoned. Hundreds of them were killed in the blink of an eye, but some managed to react in time and use their own spells to hit Ryan. Poison Spears, Electric Spears those didn't even touch Ryan. The power of his Ice Breath added with Draconic Transformation countered all those attacks despite the difference in levels.

When the monsters noticed that a direct fight wasn't the worst thing they could have, the monsters decided to spread around in the area. After all, Ryan could only freeze things with his Ice Breath that were in front of him. However, such a trick wouldn't work twice on Ryan. The monsters didn't notice until now, but he had been using the Petrification Crossbow. Slowly, but surely, a massive number of Chimeras were turning to stone.

When the monsters noticed that they were becoming too heavy and losing their mobility, they also lost the ability to fly. Thanks to that, they became even an easier target for Ryan's Ice Breath. All he had to do was fly in circles and attack with his magic bows any monster that might try to leave the perimeter.

"How is the situation where you are, Femradiel?" Ryan asked since he couldn't use Clairvoyance to see other areas because that would disrupt his focus.

"For the time being, thanks to you, things are going relatively well to our side," Femradiel replied. "Your big dramatic entrance surprised the monsters, and thanks to the fact that you are killing many of them at a fearsome pace, I can drop Ice Meteors and control the spear just fine without worrying about mana. Just keep doing that and things will end well for us."

"You had to raise a death flag" Ryan said and then sighed.

Despite Ryan's worries, things kept going just fine while he focused on repelling the monster's attacks and killing dozens of monsters every second with his Ice Breath. Little by little, the frozen corpses began to form a wall of ice around the Chimeras, and that helped Ryan damage the monsters even more. He didn't notice that before, but Ice Breath and Petrification Crossbow were a fearsome combination.

Ryan could see himself destroying the whole chimeras army in an hour or two of things proceeding like that, but in the end, something happened, and Ryan was forced to change his plan. Instead of heading to Cairo, the magma golems began to move toward the chimeras' direction.

"How unexpected" Ryan frowned. "I thought they wouldn't help each other even in a situation like this I guess the other dungeon masters can see that if one of them has their forces wiped out, the other will without a doubt suffer the same fate."

From outside the circle, Ryan was flying around. The magma golems began to fire their magma spears. Even while focused on the chimeras, Ryan avoided most of the projectiles, but some of them hit him and caused considerable damage. As if his body was melting ice, he began to sweat bullets.

"Son of a" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. "What the hell is Femradiel doing?"

Ryan took a quick glance and finally noticed that only half of the Golems moved toward his battlefield. The others still were trying to reach Cairo.

At that point in time, the people in the city couldn't keep waiting any longer, but Ryan wasn't that worried since against those numbers, and with Femradiel's help, they should be fine. Right now, Ryan had to find a way to deal with that annoyance by himself.

In the end, Ryan didn't have any decent idea aside from increasing his flying speed and thus making it harder for the golems to hit him. Besides, thanks to Draconic Transformation, his health, mentality, and willpower increased exponentially. Thanks to that, the spears weren't causing that much damage. Besides

Congratulations! The skill Fire Immunity has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Earth Resistance has leveled up.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1