Chapter 575: Slaughter

Chapter 575: Slaughter

In the end, while he was returning to Cairo, Ryan made sure to keep his eyes on the three dungeons with Clairvoyance. First of all, he had to warn Mohammed about the problem that was heading to his city, but he couldn't lose the chance to decrease the number of bosses. However, after one hour, Ryan confirmed that the bosses would only leave the dungeons once the minions get close enough.

"Remind me to make the dungeon masters pay a very high annoyance fee for this," Ryan said.

When Ryan and Femradiel returned to Cairo, most of the city was already wide and awake. It looked like they knew that something weird had happened. While Femradiel decided to lay some traps around the city, Ryan looked for Mohammed. Fortunately, Ryan had Search, so that ended quickly. In a couple of sentences, Ryan explained the situation, but he only left Mohammed speechless. Maybe it was due to the severity of the situation, or perhaps it was thanks to the fact that Ryan looked as calm as ever.

"You have some sort of plan to solve this, right?" Mohammed asked.

"I don't know what your definition of a plan is," Ryan said. "I know what I am going to do, but I can't guarantee that it will work."

"Oh, please save us, Lady Isis," Mohammed said and then facepalmed.

It looked like the people of Cairo began to worship Isis again, or maybe it was just a figure of speech. Either way, Mohammed quickly recovered from the surprise and began to organize his troops. Everyone in the city was summoned to work. At the same time, only thirty percent of them were strong enough to face an armored crocodile, a magma golem, and a chimera. The other seventy percent could help by doing certain things outside the battle. While everyone looked pale despite their tanned skin, they didn't complain or give in to despair.

"I suppose I can't hold back in this situation" Ryan said and then sighed. "Isis didn't say if I would fail or not if her followers ended up dying in this situation, and I don't have the nerve to ask her while bringing that possibility."

Even Femradiel was moving around in the hot desert creating ice traps, so Ryan felt even more compelled to end that fight without losing a single soul inside the city's walls. While that was the case, Ryan couldn't just show everything he could do all at once. So, while he was making some potions, Ryan decided his plan of action.

After two hours, the monsters that had escaped from their territory finally got close enough to offer some sense of security to the bosses. Thanks to it, all of them left the dungeons at the same time. While that was a bit troublesome, it was also good from Ryan's point of view.

"I am going to cause some ruckus in the enemies' line," Ryan said. "I will be back soon."

When he heard that, Mohammed couldn't help but consider the idea of stopping Ryan. The last time he left alone, he caused that situation to begin with. Still, he couldn't imagine how Ryan could worsen it, so he decided to stay quiet.

In the end, Ryan left Femradiel behind since her traps would definitely come in handy. Even with what he was about to do, he didn't have the confidence to stop the three armies of monsters. When Ryan appeared several kilometers above from the Chimeras army, he checked all of the monsters. Still, he didn't find the human chimeras yet which was a pity since he was planning to get rid of them before they could decrease the people's morale in Cairo. Regardless, that didn't make Ryan waste any time.

After summoning his gigantic titanium spear, Ryan made the weapon spin. However, since he wasn't using Draconic Transformation, not only was he using more mana than before, but the spinning speed wasn't that awesome either despite that, Ryan felt more than confident to fire in the middle of the Chimeras' army.

It looked like Ryan went too far despite everything, since, before firing, he used Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim. When his weapon landed on his target, everything in fifty meters radius was wiped out from existence. His attack had been so powerful that even from ten kilometers away from it, the shockwave made him feel a powerful breeze. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan created a massive hole in the desert. The chimeras' formation had been broken thanks to the impact. Ryan's mana was back to full again since he killed eighty or so bosses.

You obtained 35.000 coins.

You obtained 35.000 coins.

You obtained 35.000 coins.

" That is weird," Ryan frowned since he caused much more damage than he had expected. "I knew this weapon was crazy powerful due to its size and other things, but"

It looked like Ryan underestimated his growth when he fought the Hydras. While it didn't last long, he certainly became strong enough to defeat them faster but he didn't imagine the same growth would be much more evidence against other types of monsters.

Regardless, before the monsters could try to understand what had happened, Ryan recovered his weapon and made it spin while it was attacking all the chimeras around and finishing them off. Although Ryan focused on the bosses, he had a hard time killing them since they could fly pretty fast, and he was quite far away.

"Screw it," Ryan said. "It is time to take some risks."

Ryan used Teleport to approach, and his control over the massive spear increased tenfold. Still, at the same time, the Chimeras found him. As it turned out, that worked well in Ryan's favor. When the monsters began to move toward him, they charged so recklessly that the spear crushed them to bits. That whole scene repeated itself several times. The Chimeras only understood that they wouldn't be able to damage Ryan no matter what as long as he has that spear after they lost three hundred of the bosses and several thousands of their minions.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1