Chapter 572: Flame Swordsman

Chapter 572: Flame Swordsman

"So, you have come," Isis said once Ryan entered the dungeon. "Do you want to clear this dungeon?"

"That is right, is there a problem with that?" Ryan asked.

"Not at all. I just want to know your solution for this problem is before you clear it," Isis said. "After all, this dungeon just broke a few days ago."

"Defeating the three dungeon masters is the only way to solve the problem once and for all," Ryan said. "I will do exactly that."

"I thought you would try some convoluting way to solve the problem," Isis said, and she sounded amused as usual. "I need to change my evaluation of you. Regardless, I will be counting on you to prevent the fall of this base and my followers."

After hearing that, Ryan had the chance to defeat another oversized boss without having to deal with any resistance. While that was weird, Ryan didn't waste time pondering too much about it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Flame Swordsman, Sentinel, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Flame Swordsman!

You obtained the following skills: Solar Strike, Fire Immunity, and Explosive Strike.

Your health and strength will increase by six points. Your stamina, mana, intelligence, and endurance will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Solar Strike.

Effect: A powerful horizontal attack that causes critical physical and magical damage at the same time.

Cost: 100 mana and 100 stamina

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Immunity.

Effect: It decreases the power of all fire-based abilities by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Explosive Strike.

Effect: By swinging a melee weapon and hitting the ground with it, you can create and spread massive flames that will burn all the enemies around.

Cost: 50 mana and 50 stamina.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Fire Immunity, huh" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully after checking his new skills. "Maybe that explains why Mohammed can withstand this heat with that beard."

"While that certainly doesn't help, I do like my beard," Mohammed said. "You get used to this weather after a while."

"I don't intend to stay here for long, so I don't plan to get used to it," Ryan said.

Ryan had forgotten that Mohammed was right behind him. Fortunately, he didn't take offense in Ryan's words. Putting that aside, Mohammed decided to guide Ryan to the place where he would be able to spend the night, but Ryan was severe when he said that he doesn't intend to stay for long.

"I am going to check those three dungeons and see what I can do for the time being," Ryan said. "Don't wait for me. I might return only at sunrise."

"Are you going to scout? I can prepare some guards to keep you safe," Mohammed said.

"Don't bother. Do you really think Isis would send someone who would need guards?" Ryan frowned. "Anyway, if you want to help, you just need to tell me when the monsters usually come to attack the city."

From Mohammed's perspective, Ryan seemed too cocky for his own good, but in the end, he realized that his words matched with the trust Isis had in him to some extent. Regardless, Ryan confirmed that the monsters never attacked at night. There were two reasons for that, because of the cold and because they wanted to build their numbers before the next attacks. While the enemies were spawning more monsters than they were losing, at least they were cautious to a certain point.

In the end, Mohammed confirmed that Ryan wouldn't need any guard when he used Teleport. He had fair confidence in his tracking skills, but Ryan left Mohammed's range after using Teleport a single time.

"So, we are going to face three dungeon masters, huh," Femradiel said. "I wish that I had come with another body. Anyway, finally, the weather became nice and cool. Let's try to finish this mission before sunrise."

It was hard to know if Femradiel was worried or not. At least she didn't sound that nervous the same way when she mentioned Poseidon. Regardless, Femradiel guided Ryan to the nearest of the enemies' camp. The Magma Golem's dungeon was fifty kilometers South of Cairo and Ryan not only saw a massive army of ordinary Magma Golems, but he also found fifteen hundred bosses guarding the dungeon.

"I guess I should leave this place to you, Femradiel," Ryan said. "You have the elemental advantage, after all."

"While I am thankful for your trust and confidence, I think I am going to pass," Femradiel said. "These numbers are too much for me, even with the elemental advantage."

"How disappointing Where are your adventurous spirits?" Ryan asked.

While Femradiel refused that offer, Ryan wasn't that worried about the place. Golems couldn't fly, so he could attack them from a safe place as much as he wanted. Of course, the real problem was to defeat the dungeon master. Regardless, the enemy on the other side of the crystal shouldn't be at Poseidon or Isis's level since that dungeon was only a tier two dungeon. That being said, Ryan couldn't underestimate them.

The other two dungeons were respectively in the West and East of Cairo, sixty kilometers away from the capital. While Ryan saw some Chimeras, he didn't see the humans who had become Chimeras Regardless, both dungeons were being guarded in the same manner as the first. Defeating the armored crocodiles wouldn't be that difficult either. It would only take some time. However, things would be different with the Chimeras

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1