Chapter 576: Support

Chapter 576: Support

While Ryan was massacring the Chimeras, he never let the situation get carried away, and his eyes were always focused at the entrance of the dungeon. However, even one hour after the start of the fight, he didn't see the Chimera humans showing themselves. As much as that situation was favorable for Ryan, he was forced to retreat since the army of magma golems, and armored crocodiles were only ten kilometers away from Cairo.

In the blink of an eye, Ryan returned to Cairo thanks to Teleport, and Mohammed stared at him, waiting for the bad news. He sure was pessimistic, or he just had too little faith in Ryan.

"It is time to come back, Femradiel," Ryan said. "You aren't going to fight up-close."

"We still have some time," Femradiel protested.

"It is okay, you can attack from here," Ryan said. "Mohammed, can you make some of your people use mana potions, on Femradiel?"

"Sure for how long exactly?" Mohammed asked.

"As long as the fight lasts," Ryan said. "They are ten kilometers away from here, so you should hurry up."

While Mohammed was telling someone to solve that issue, Ryan brought hundreds of mana potions from his spatial storage. Then he gave the order to Femradiel to attack the Magma Golems in the east while he would take care of the armored crocodiles in the west. However, Ryan was forced to come to a halt when he saw dozens of blue stones appearing in the sky and then falling in the army of magma golems that were approaching. While they looked like stones in the distance, when they fell and hit the monsters, several of them died with every single attack.

You obtained 1200 coins.

You obtained 1200 coins.

You obtained 1200 coins.

The ice meteors were at least five meters long and wide, so it was only natural that they would cause so much damage upon falling at high speeds. As if that wasn't enough, their magic properties slowed down dozens of golems that were close to the targets.

"Pretty cool, huh?" Femradiel asked with a smug smile on her face.

"I think my bolts and their numerous properties are cooler," Ryan said.

"I didn't think this was a competition," Femradiel said.

When Ryan assumed his position on the west side of the wall, he noticed that the armored crocodiles were closer than the golems. That was a pain, but he created several magic copies of his newest crossbow and then began to attack. While he didn't have the elemental advantage, Ryan was more efficient. With every single attack, he landed some bolts in the face of the armored crocodiles, poisoning, paralyzing, and making them scream in agony with the property of his bolts.

"I guess I won't need to use Vital Hunter" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows while he watched the monsters suffering more damage than usual. "While I knew a weapon created by using the spirits of the Chimeras would be powerful, this far surpassed my expectations."

Ryan also recalled that those monsters also belonged to a tier-two dungeon. So, it was only natural that his attacks would be that effective. Regardless, this time Ryan focused on attacking the ordinary monsters instead of the bosses since he would recover more mana and thus slow down the whole army with the corpses.

While Ryan was killing the armored crocodiles, Mohammed was a few meters behind, watching everything. He could barely see the monsters from that distance, and yet Ryan was killing the monsters with ten weapons made of mana and with his arms crossed.

"Just what the" Mohammed muttered in shock.

Mohammed saw some humans doing as much as Ryan could do. Still, they quite couldn't be considered humans anymore they were the humans who joined the Chimeras' side in any case, he couldn't help but compare Ryan with monsters since only those beasts could hold back such an army by themselves.

In the end, Ryan's plan worked for quite a while, but at some point, the armored crocodiles began to protect their faces with their weapons. While they couldn't block one hundred percent of Ryan's power with that alone, at least they could weaken the bolts and stop their effects from lasting longer. After all, those effects could only take place as long as the bolts touch their wounds. Once the bolts are taken, they become essentially useless.

When both armies were five kilometers away from the walls, Mohammed prepared to give the order for his troops to leave the walls and face the monsters in the field. No matter what happens, they can't let the monsters touch the walls. Jumping over them was easy with their powerful bodies. The walls themselves probably couldn't last the power of a Dragon's Breath for more than a few seconds. However, Ryan stopped him.

"Focus on long-ranged attacks for the time being," Ryan said. "I want to have free vision to attack them for a while longer. Femradiel also can't worry about your troops, if you send some soldiers now, she will be unable to attack the first line of monsters."

"But they are too close," Mohammed said. "If we wait any longer, we won't have the chance to send all of our troops."

"Like I said, focus on long-ranged attacks," Ryan said. "Even if you only have a few warriors' experience in fighting at that distance, it doesn't matter."

Mohammed only understood that it wasn't a good idea to send his troops now when Ryan made his massive titanium spear appear. This time instead of making it spin vertically, he made the weapon spin horizontally. Thus, decreasing the power and speed of the weapon but increasing its range.

While his weapon wasn't killing many enemies with its big movements, Ryan certainly was slowing them down. The monsters were trying to attack the spear, but even with their massive numbers, the best they could do was scratch it.

"This is pretty amazing maybe I should have become a mage instead of an archer," Ryan smiled. "Just kidding."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1