Chapter 570: Go On

Chapter 570: Go on

"Go on, Ryan," Femradiel said. "Do it! Do it!"

"Do what?" Ryan frowned.

"Join the fight while making a hero-like appearance. The first impression is the key," Femradiel said.

Ryan wanted more and more to find some way to make Femradiel behave. She was getting too smart as of late. Unlike the first conversations they had, she turned into a joker for some reason, and that was starting to get on Ryan's nerves.

After studying the battlefield for a couple of more seconds, Ryan saw some humans on the backline of Isis's army. It looked like she was really giving them good treatment since she wasn't treating them like cannon fodder. Regardless, the cat-like monsters were being pushed back since they were mostly melee fighters. Still, they didn't have the necessary skills to defeat foes with that much endurance.

"What is the plan?" Femradiel asked.

"You will slow them down, and I will decrease their endurance," Ryan said. "By doing so, Isis's side will recognize us as allies, and we will change the tide of the battle. We don't have much time since it is getting dark, and who knows what might happen."

Despite the hot climate in that region, Femradiel easily and quickly made some snow clouds appear above the battlefield. Once that happened, the temperature began to decrease, and strong winds started to blow the entire area. Once Ryan noticed that the monsters were losing speed and suffering damage, he attacked dozens of them while Vital Hunter was active. While it was a pity, Ryan focused on decreasing their endurance instead of killing them, even when that started to cost him some powerful mana potions.

Isis's army was caught off-guard at first since they didn't think a third party would suddenly appear and help them. Still, some of the leaders in the area noticed that Ryan was the ally that Isis had sent and began to attack the army of armoured crocodiles. Unfortunately, that was a golden chance they won't have any time soon, so they needed to eliminate as many monsters as possible.

When the crocodiles noticed that the enemy was far beyond their reach, they decided to retreat. Still, Femradiel acted fast and changed the position to where the winds were blowing. Thanks to that, she created an invisible barrier that prevented them from escaping.

Congratulations! The class William Tell's Apprentice has reached level five.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by twelve points. In addition, your health, mana, speed, and control have been raised by six points.

Much to Ryan's surprise, even though that wasn't his focus, the skills he obtained lately have been working a lot. Thanks to all that extra damage, he managed to kill several of those monsters and thus progress even more. In the end, from an army of more or less two thousand armored crocodiles, only five hundred or so managed to escape alive and return to the dungeon.

"Only two thousand I guess that their advantage isn't that impressive," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"I feel numerous presences like those creatures down South," Femradiel said. "It looks like they are trying to dominate other areas along with this one."

That seemed a bit greedy on the dungeon master's part, but in the end, the only conflict would make their dungeon level up. So, from a rational point of view, it was wise to dive one's forces in several areas. Regardless, it was time to check the loot, but even Isis's army wasn't doing that since they looked toward Ryan. At least the few hundred humans under her protection were.

Ryan teleported to the ground and then approached the group. He obviously couldn't talk Egyptian, but he had imagined that Isis had considered such a thing in advance.

"Hello, my name is Ryan," Ryan said and then crossed his arms. "Isis sent me to help. Did she notify any of you about it?"

After making his question, Ryan saw several frowns. Maybe few people there could understand English, but he felt like something was off but he couldn't say what. Based on the people Ryan was seeing, they didn't seem under any illusory spell, and they don't look weird as if they had been brainwashed either.

"Do you mean Lady Isis?" A tanned man armed with a red cutlass stepped forward and asked. "Aren't you one of her servants?"

"Do I look like someone else's servant?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Again, with those weird titles but now that Ryan thought about that. Isis was indeed an Egyptian goddess, so addressing her with that much respect was obviously necessary from their point of view.

" I am working for Lady Isis for the time being," Ryan said after much hesitation. "Anyway, did she mention my arrival or not?"

"You can really do you try, huh, Ryan," Femradiel said while she was chuckling. "I mean being respectful and all that."

"Shut up," Ryan said impatiently.

"Yes, she did mention that someone would come to help, someone from far away," The tanned man nodded. "But we thought it would take a while, and we didn't think it would be a human-looking creature like you."

"I am not a human-looking creature. I am a human" Ryan said. "Anyway, I am a busy person, so let's solve this situation once and for all."

The man frowned at Ryan's words, but given that he changed by himself the tide of the battle, he recognized that Ryan was weird but powerful. Someone who Isis herself had recognized his abilities. However, before talking with Ryan, the man gave the order to his followers to help the cat-like monsters that worked for Isis and also deal with the loot and the crocodiles' corpses.

"Follow me," The man said.

"To where?" Ryan asked. "Shouldn't we talk here? We will only waste time if the armored crocodiles return."

"That is not a problem," The man said. "Now that you appeared, they won't attack today. Besides, the night is cold in this region, too cold for them. We can talk until morning while I explain this situation to you without any problem."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1