Chapter 578: Hidden

Chapter 578: Hidden

Keep calm and write something

While Ryan was using that rare chance to train his resistances while suffering a lot less than he should do, he noticed that things changed a little in where armored crocodiles were. Even though she approached the monsters, that form of Femradiel wasn't strong enough to use the massive titanium spear with Telekinesis to attack and prevent the monsters from escaping.

"Sorry, Ryan I failed here," Femradiel said.

"It can't be helped since you are attacking two places at the same time," Ryan said. "Just focus on preventing losses on the survivors inside the city."

Ryan found it weird that the armored crocodiles decided to retreat when the magma golems decided to help the chimeras. He also noticed that the monsters got angrier, so that certainly hadn't been a strategic retreat.

After a while, when both Chimeras and Magma Golems lost half of their forces, they tried to retreat as if that was the most obvious thing to do. However, at that point in time, it was too late. All of the chimeras had lost some or all of their mobility thanks to the Petrification Crossbow. Meanwhile, in order to make up for the previous failure, Femradiel made sure to use Ice Meteor like a machine gun in order to explode any golem that tried to run away.

"Why are they trying to run when the human chimeras haven't shown up yet?" Ryan asked himself.

The more the fight lasted, the easier it became. Thanks to that, Ryan had the leisure to ponder about things like that, but he didn't find a proper answer.

In the end, it took a bit more than Ryan had expected, but after two hours, he managed to defeat all the chimeras. When the last one froze, Ryan finally saw the result of his hard work. A pretty large ice tower he couldn't help but wonder if he hadn't gone ahead of himself by worrying about the people of Cairo. That fight was a bit troublesome, but it was much easier than he had imagined.

In any case, Ryan was one hundred percent sure that he could take half of the loot that the armored crocodiles and magma golems had left. As for the chimeras' loot, everything was his, but instead of looking at a massive pile of equipment, Ryan was more worried about why the human chimeras didn't show up.

"If you don't mind, I am going to organize the loot," Femradiel said. "Time is of the essence, but you are lost in thought."

"I just need to think a little before going to the dungeons anyway, tell me if you find anything interesting," Ryan said.

"I doubt that I will, after all, you can upgrade magic items," Femradiel said.

In any case, those hundred pieces of equipment will help Ryan level up other skills with Deconstruct. He could even use them to increase his mana recovery with Mana-Eater. In any case, it was a good problem.

Suddenly Mohammed approached Ryan, and then he began to stare at the ice tower as well. He knew that the potential that humans have was pretty big, but he never imagined that one's potential was limitless. Although a good part of Ryan's merit comes from Draconic Transformation, Mohammed couldn't help but be amazed at the result of Ryan's power. Now he finally could understand why his master called a single human to help

"You should send some parties to guard the Chimeras and Magma Golems' dungeons," Ryan said. "I am going to hunt and kill the armored crocodiles that escaped earlier before they can regroup and create another army."

" I suppose I should select a pretty big group of the strongest and divide them," Mohammed said. "Do you need our assistance when facing the dungeon masters as well?"

"Nah, it is fine," Ryan said. "I want to take all the credits if this mission is accomplished. While your master said that the condition wasn't to lose a single survivor within the walls, the task of solving this problem on the other hand is mine alone. I would feel bad if any of you died due to my greed. Just guard the dungeons since the monsters keep spawning even after someone has used the purple crystal."

Mohammed nodded, and in fact, he was thankful for that since he didn't want to increase his chances of finding the humans who became chimeras, even less so their dungeon masters. After Femradiel managed to gather all the loot and store it inside Ryan's spatial storage, she helped him track down the armored crocodiles, and as expected, they were heading back to their dungeon.

Without wasting time, Femradiel made Ice Meteors fall in front of the army. Some monsters instantly died, but the others were forced to stop. Ryan used that chance to fall on the ground and expose himself to the enemies a little. By doing so, he would forcefully make the enemies attack him instead of run away.

"Are you fine with that?" Femradiel asked.

"It is fine, just make sure not to let them escape," Ryan replied. "Feel free to use as much mana as you want."

Ryan, more or less, was fooled by the feeling of power that Draconic Transformation gave him. However, now that he was in human form again, his attacks didn't cause that much extra damage. The monsters still suffered a lot due to the effect of the bolts of the Chimeric Crossbow, but since they were endurance-based monsters, the armored crocodiles could still attack.

The monsters dashed and jumped toward Ryan, but he evaded them all with Evading Shot. He also made sure to hit the faces of those who got too close with the three projectiles. Thanks to it, Ryan put a stop to their reckless charge once and for all. However, Ryan didn't lower his guard since some bosses were hidden within that army, and they were obviously waiting for the chance to attack Ryan and kill him as shiftless as possible. Ryan also had a surprise in store for them

..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1