Chapter 574: Changes

Chapter 574: Changes

As much as his newest weapon seemed awesome in his eyes, Ryan wouldn't be able to use them on his current targets. In any case, before doing anything, Ryan used Clairvoyance to confirm that the army didn't change even a little bit if the monsters noticed the disappearance of those Chimeras, they were too tired to do anything, or that was much of a hassle for them.

"This is kind of odd" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "What do you think of this, Femradiel?"

"I am not sure, maybe the dungeon master is lazy, and that trait was passed down to their troops," Femradiel replied. "If I were them, I would use that many troops for hunting other monsters and leaving only the bosses behind to guard the dungeon."

That was what Ryan would do as well if he didn't have ten created a frozen slimes' dungeon in a world that didn't have sapient beings. As for his summons, he couldn't make them cross the country hunting monsters because they had to keep the ten or so dungeons inside his domain in check.

In any case, while that weird situation bothered Ryan, it didn't stop him from attacking the monsters. However, before anything, he readied his potions to use. Hundreds of mana potions were aligned in front of him to Femradiel pour them on him, and dozens of DEX and INT potions were about to be used by Ryan himself.

After Ryan exponentially increased his dexterity and intelligence with his potions, he activated Clairvoyance again. He began to fire Lunar Arrows toward the Chimera bosses. One, two, three six. After getting hit by six Lunar Arrows, the first target fell dead. They were even tougher than Ryan expected.

You obtained 35.000 coins.

Before the smell of death could permeate the area around the dungeon, Ryan selected two other targets and made more Lunar Arrows fall from the sky. When those two fell dead, finally, the monsters around noticed that something was off. They were being attacked the message quickly spread among them, and they began to look for the enemies. Still, they would have a hard time finding Ryan, who was twenty kilometers away from them.

Ryan had the chance to kill fifteen more chimeras before the monsters finally noticed that someone was attacking them from a place they couldn't see. In the end, the bosses began to retreat to the dungeon. Still, Ryan concentrated his Lunar Arrows at the dungeon entrance to make them pay dearly for it. However, the minions reacted in a different way than Ryan had predicted. Instead of just waiting to be attacked, the monsters spread around in all directions. Small groups that had one hundred or so chimeras scattered around the desert, and Ryan knew that wasn't good.

"Great" Ryan muttered. "Hunting them will be a pain after this."

In order not to lose a precious chance, Ryan focused on the bosses. Thanks to it, he managed to slay fifty bosses while the enemies' side still had more than fourteen hundred. Nevertheless, he still was more or less satisfied with the result of his first strike.

"I feel that something weird is happening in the other two dungeons," Femradiel suddenly said. "Something similar to what just happened here."

Ryan used Clairvoyance to check what Femradiel said and confirmed that the bosses of the other areas also escaped to the safety of the interior of their dungeons while the ordinary mobs spread around in all directions. As if that wasn't bad enough, the vast majority of them were moving away from Cairo.

"This confirms the fact that the dungeon masters are working together and can communicate with each other," Ryan said. "Regardless, to think that the monsters would respond to my preemptive attack so fast I was wrong about them being sleepy."

"Maybe not. Perhaps they wanted to lure anyone to attack them," Femradiel said. "While I think this was a bait to fool the people of Cairo since the monsters were too relaxed."

By the look of the things, Ryan will have to delay his plans in getting other classes. While forcing his way inside the dungeon wasn't impossible, it would take too long without Lunar Arrow. In the end, Ryan decided to keep an eye on the dungeons while he hunted the group of monsters that escaped.

"The Chimeras will be too hard to track, so I will hunt the other monsters," Ryan decided.

"This plan is very weird, don't you think?" Femradiel asked. "Escaping to decrease their losses seems like the wisest thing to do, but I don't think any dungeon master would focus only on that."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. It wasn't surprising that dungeon masters would think several steps ahead, but in the end, it doesn't change the fact that Ryan would have to hunt down the monsters.

In the end, even attacking monsters that couldn't fly turned out to be a pain in the ass. The armored crocodiles and the magma golems didn't even try to attack Ryan. They only focused on defense. Thanks to that, they lasted for quite a while, and Ryan only managed to kill a few thousand of them. Considering the number of monsters they had by considering the three armies surpassed the two hundred thousand, Ryan felt like he didn't do much.

"Shit that is why I hate endurance-based monsters," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance.

When the sun started to rise, Ryan decided to retreat for the time being and clear his head, but much to his annoyance, Femradiel gave him some bad news.

"It looks like all the monsters in the area are changing their direction," Femradiel said. "You won't like to know where they are going now"

"Oh, shit how unlucky can a single person be?" Ryan massaged his eyebrows.

"Well, don't blame yourself too much," Femradiel said. "The dungeon masters probably recognized that you are someone troublesome to deal with and decided to work together before you can decrease their forces even more."

Femradiel's words didn't improve Ryan's mood all that much. The monsters were moving to Cairo for one last attack. They wouldn't stop until the city is completely destroyed. If that happens, that would be Ryan's fault.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1