Chapter 579: Mood

Chapter 579: Mood

Ryan relentlessly massacred the armored crocodiles for quite a while, but the bosses only showed up when the heat of the desert was starting to get him. Covered in sweat and dirt, Ryan certainly looked exhausted. When fifty of them suddenly charged toward him with lightning speed, Ryan didn't even bother using his magic crossbows. He only summoned his massive spear and stopped them. At the same time, Ryan made the weapon spin horizontally, thus hitting many more monsters and acting as a shield. Suddenly, Ryan had an idea

"Mmm maybe I can try this" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

While his spear was hitting the monsters and making them fly for dozens of meters, Ryan decided to use some INT potions. His control over the weapon increased a lot until a point where his weapon created a vortex in the desert that was forcefully attracting the monsters to their doom.

"Femradiel, how about you try to make things cooler here?" Ryan asked.

"Your puns are as boring as they can be" Femradiel said.

Femradiel opened her mouth and then used Ice Breath. It didn't take long for the sand tornado created by the spear to become an ice tornado that froze anything that got slightly close to it. While that skill on that body wasn't that strong, Femradiel makes up for it with the massive amounts of mana Ryan was receiving every second. After all, even without hitting many monsters with the tip, the spear was massive and could break the bones of most things with a single strike.

The armored crocodiles tried to fight at the beginning, but once again, they tried to run away, they saw their allies turning into ice statues. However, this time they failed since Ryan's spear and Femradiel's Ice Breath followed them. In the end, they only succeeded in making thousands of frozen corpses, making a weird ice trail in the middle of the hot desert.

"These guys never learn," Femradiel said. "Or perhaps their dungeon master never learns."

"Don't get carried away, Femradiel," Ryan said. "They still have a trick up their sleeves and we can't afford to fail at this mission."

"Yeah, I know," Femradiel said and then landed on Ryan's head. "You have got to try to stop Poseidon once more. Let's hope this plan won't make him hate you more than any of the other dungeon masters that you already pissed at."

After storing the loot again, Ryan headed, and Femradiel teleported to the armored crocodile's dungeon. Since the monsters weren't cooperating anymore, then Ryan should start clearing the dungeons. However, that raised a question. Which dungeon master should he try to defeat first? The tier of the dungeon and the type of monster which could spawn had a certain relation with the level of power of their masters but certainly wasn't a defining factor.

"Well, at least I know I should leave the Chimeras' dungeon for last," Ryan shrugged.

Since there wasn't a mountain in the area, the armored crocodiles' dungeon was underground, but now that he could see it up-close, he noticed that the entrance made him recall some sort of old temple. On both sides of the entrance, he also found two massive statues of armored crocodiles' bosses.

"This guy certainly knows how to create the mood for a fight," Ryan said.

Despite that, Ryan didn't have any real fight inside the dungeon. There wasn't a single boss waiting for him outside, and the monsters that had been spawned were no threat by themselves.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Knight, Archer, and Sage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Holy Shield, Holy Blessing, and Heart of Steel.

Your strength and health will increase by four points, your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Holy Shield.

Effect: It casts a shield that protects you against attacks from undead and demons, decreasing the damage per level.

Cost: 10 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Holy Blessing.

Effect: It casts a spell that enchants your attacks against undead and demons, increasing the damage per level.

Cost: 10 mana per second.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hearth of Steel.

Effect: It passively increases your willpower and mentality by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Is some sort of supernatural force telling me to become sturdier?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Lately, I have only been getting melee classes."

"That is the price you have to pay for always choosing the most obvious option several times in a row," Femradiel said. "That being said, I do believe your luck kind of sucks."

In any case, even though Ryan wasn't facing many demons or undead monsters as of late, those skills will certainly come in handy once he has to fight the demon generals again. After making a mental note to train that and the classes specialized in hunting undead and demons in the banshees' dungeon, Ryan left the place and then used Clairvoyance to check where the team who was going to guard that dungeon was. Although they were running toward the place, they were twenty kilometers away.

"Ten people, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I guess Mohammed doesn't have many people that can guard dungeons like these for long periods of time. Anyway, I am going to teleport them here."

"They will be so disappointed once they learn that you cleared the dungeon alone," Femradiel said.

"They can wait for a day to get the new classes, I can't," Ryan said. "I have to solve this situation, get the materials from Isis and then forge a bow or a crossbow suited to stop Poseidon's plans, and I only have four or three weeks for that."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1