Chapter 583: Shock

Chapter 583: Shock

Ryan opened his eyes in surprise when he saw Femradiel being wounded by the energy beams. Despite that, he didn't move a single inch due to the shock. In the end, Femradiel's body turned into a lifeless statue of ice, but she achieved her goal. She completely nullified the attack.

Ryan's mind went to that day where he received the message of the death of his parents. That day he imagined the accident in several ways. Although he didn't see it, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if his parents suffered a lot or not. The doctors said that it had been an instant death. Still, Ryan knew that lying was probably common from their party to decrease the family's sadness.

"Good grief, five attacks, so I lost five lives, huh," Femradiel suddenly said and then returned to Ryan's head. "Hopefully, you won't make me lose the other ones."

Femradiel's voice made Ryan wake up from his stupor. That is right she was an ice Phoenix that could revive a few times. Besides, Femradiel's spirit was inside him. She couldn't die, she would only lose that body, and yet the idea of losing a comrade made Ryan's blood run cold.

"...Don't do that kind of stupid action again, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"Okay just remember, if you fall, I will fall two," Femradiel said after she hesitated due to Ryan's cold tone.

When the chimeras approached, they were welcomed by Ryan's massive spear. The weapon hit all the monsters, but all that blunt trauma had only been a distraction. Ryan suddenly appeared behind them in his Draconic form and then grabbed the monsters with both hands.

The monsters struggled to free themselves from Ryan's draconic hands, but they failed in doing that. Even though they were fighting together, they didn't manage to defeat Ryan in terms of brute strength for some reason. The chimeras also tried to use numerous spells to damage Ryan, but he stopped them by using Silence while staring at them with ice-cold eyes. Also, restraining them wasn't the only thing Ryan was doing, slowly. Still, certainly, he was crushing their bodies against each other.

The chimeras only noticed the severity of the situation when one of them began to bleed from their ears and nose, and its face was purple. It didn't take long before the weakest of them didn't resist Ryan's brute strength and simply was crushed to bits. The others tried to resist amidst their despair, but things only got easier for Ryan after the first death

You obtained 356.521 coins.

You obtained 253.845 coins.

You obtained 546.632 coins.

After the first, two others quickly fell dead since they didn't endure the pressure. That made Ryan even more eager to crush the two remaining monsters to bits, but in the end, Femradiel stopped him.

"Aren't you going to interrogate at least one of them?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan's head cooled down a little bit, and he took a deep breath. After separating the two remaining chimeras in each of his hands, Ryan made magic bolts rain down over one of them. Unfortunately, this time the monster didn't have the chance to block the attacks with its hands, so the beast suffered critical damage after critical damage in its head until it finally died.

You obtained 485.362 coins.

"That surprised me. How did you manage to overpower five of them at the same time?" Femradiel asked. "Even while using Draconic Transformation, that shouldn't be possible."

"I used Bloodthirst, Stamina Drain, and Magic Vampirism, as it turns out, those skills work whenever I cause damage on my foes, so I managed to recover a lot while I was trying to crush them, thus making my grip stronger," Ryan replied.

Ryan forgot, but that had been a good opportunity to see what would happen if he seals a human spirit in a weapon. While those creatures were monsters that had different body parts, their spirits were still of a human. In any case, Ryan still had one of them to use. After he gets some answers.

While still in his draconic form, Ryan returned to where Mohammed and the others were. The wounded had been treated, but those who had heavy wounds would need the attention of someone who has Full-Heal. Fortunately, Ryan had that, so he solved the issue.

"What are you going to do with that?" Mohammed asked while facing the last chimera.

"Interrogate and then kill. Do you have anything against that?" Ryan asked since Mohammed seemed too angry while looking at the monster. "It appears you know who this thing was before becoming a monster."

"You are right but I don't have anything against it," Mohammed said.

"Alright then if you don't mind, you should ask the questions," Ryan said. "Since this thing knows you, it will be easy for it to think exactly what we need. Femradiel will read its mind."

"That seems like a plan, but I think we have a problem," Femradiel said. "As you already know, the Chimeras can block skills like Appraisal. But, unfortunately, that also blocks skills like Mind Reading, so we need to drain all of the chimera's mana first. However, I can sense now that we are this close, that the monsters had a mana stone inside it that works as its core, if all its mana is drained"

" This fucking thing will die," Ryan said after taking a deep breath.

Maybe that was a coincidence, but Ryan doubted that was the case. The dungeon master that created the chimeras certainly transformed them like that in order to prevent any type of information from leaking about them. In any case, Ryan won't be able to obtain a single piece of information about the chimeras' master. In the end, Ryan had a hard time not crushing the last monster to bits again. Still, he managed to overcome his anger in order to obtain another weapon, and that had been worth the hassle.

Heroic Chimeric Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of 350 points of mana, you can fire five bolts every single time with this weapon. Each bolt has a different property, they can paralyze, poison, decrease the status, numb, and corrode the target.

Dexterity + 200, Intelligence 200, Strength + 200, Endurance + 200, Speed + 200, Recovery + 200

Durability: 150/150

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1