Chapter 580: Samurai

Chapter 580: Samurai

"Well, I guess it is only natural that you would have to deal with so many problems given that you tend to push the fate of the planet on your shoulders," Femradiel said. "Just try not to bite more than you can chew. You have a promise with me that you cannot fail to keep it."

"Believe me, I am not trying to be that heroic. I just want to do whatever I can," Ryan said. "However, since I have been doing this from the very beginning, the system has been rewarding me quite well. Thus, increasing my options pretty often. Anyway, let's stop wasting time."

In the end, Ryan went as far as approaching the group of soldiers that were coming toward the dungeon and then teleported them to the dungeon without giving a single explanation. While Ryan was teleporting to the magma golems' dungeon, he finally noticed that he obtained a lot of coins in the last few hours forty million to be more exact. Thanks to that, now he had broken his previous record.

"It has been a while since the last time I bought a tome using the Dungeon Shop," Ryan said. "Do you have any recommendations, Femradiel?"

"I have no idea which skill would help you improve your archer fighting style," Femradiel replied. "I have some ideas for when you use Draconic Transformation, though."

"I already feel too powerful when that is active. I certainly don't need any more motives to keep that skill active at all times," Ryan said.

". That is just like you," Femradiel said after a long sigh. "Since that is the case, perhaps you should those skills that decrease the status of the enemies. You like them so much that I can't help but wonder why you don't try to learn the whole set. You also should learn the long-ranged version of Bloodthirsty. The specters had those, right? Health Steal, Mana Steal, and Stamina Steal. While you already have crossbows with that grant you those abilities, you should learn the skills themselves in order to maximize their effects and obtain extra status points."

For someone who didn't have any idea, Femradiel certainly made Ryan recall an important point. While Ryan didn't find the tomes that would teach him Health Steal and the similar skills, probably because they were like the last tier of those types of abilities, Ryan found Vampirism, Magic Vampirism, Stamina Vampirism each one of them cost fifty thousand million coins.

"As usual, I can't have everything I want," Ryan shrugged.

After reading the description of the skills, Ryan learned that they will be useful pretty soon since all of them consumed only ten points of mana per attack. They restored Ryan's energy based on the level of the skill. For example, at level ten, magic Vampirism would recover ten of Ryan's mana points per attack and steal ten points of Ryan's enemies per attack as well. It would be pretty easy to level up that skill, given how fast Ryan could attack. As if that wasn't enough, that effect was added to all types of attacks, even melee, long-ranged, and magic. Without wasting any time, Ryan bought and learned Magic Vampirism.

"Maybe I could have saved a lot of coins I had found Vampire's blood, but I am pretty sure that type of bloodline would decrease my power during the day while increases my strength at night," Ryan muttered. "Anyway, now we will obtain a lot more mana, Femradiel. Your tyrant familiar is approaching by the minute."

"You really are looking forward to that, aren't you?" Femradiel frowned.

"How can I not?" Ryan shrugged. "While most people probably fear gigantic monsters, one cannot deny how cool they are."

"I think unsightly is the most appropriate term," Femradiel said. "Tyrants are sturdy as they can be, but they are very low. Still, I can see that you need such a monster since they can become a fearsome defensive wall."

When Ryan and Femradiel arrived at the magma golems' dungeon, the team that Mohammed had sent there was pretty close, so Ryan decided to wait for them. If ten or so people could obtain a new class if he just waits a few minutes, then even Ryan wouldn't have the nerve to deny them of that.

Regardless, while the people there were obviously wary of Ryan since he almost singlehandedly won the previous battle, Ryan and Femradiel didn't feel any ill intentions coming from them. The only problem was the language. Not a single person of that could speak English. So, Ryan wasted a few minutes explaining to them that they could enter the dungeon with him to obtain a new class. In any case, once again, Ryan found another dungeon without a boss it looked like he will have to wait for a while before he can properly train Magic Vampirism.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Crusader, Samurai, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Samurai!

You obtained the following skills: Feint, Evasion Mastery, and Mastery Spirit.

Your health and strength will increase by four points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Feint.

Effect: It grants you a chance to fool your enemy by making them react to an illusory movement made by you.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Evasion Mastery.

Effect: While fighting in close quarters, it increases your chance to notice and evade melee attacks by temporarily increasing your speed by ten points per level only at the moment you are about to be attacked.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mastery Spirit.

Effect: It passively increases your health, mana, and stamina by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

" For a tier two-class, this certainly granted me some interesting skills." Ryan frowned after he obtained his newest class. "Yahiko probably will like to get this one."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1