Chapter 588: Common Occurrence

Chapter 588: Common occurrence

Femradiel had no idea what Ryan was planning, but eventually, she understood everything. While that was quite the roundabout strategy and certainly didn't fit Ryan's style that overpowers his enemies with rains of arrows and bolts, the plan was working pretty well. The blocks of earth that Femradiel created, didn't evaporate when it got closer or touched the giant's body. It only melted until it turned into lava and became a part of the monster's body. However, after a while, the monster's head became so big and heavy that the creature could barely turn it to the sides. Not only that, Ryan and Femradiel could see some cracks in it.

"Oh, I see even though the dungeon master obtained the power of thousands of Magma Golems, they also had to accept the mass of thousands of Magma Golems," Femradiel said. "In the end, that kind of creature can only exist due to its core and the mana inside their bodies, but since they are too heavy, their bodies can easily fall apart from indirect means like that."

"Is that so?" Ryan frowned. "I just wanted to make that thing's body heavier and make it spend more energy. By doing that, I would forcefully speed up the end of this fight. Even without using brute strength or Draconic Transformation."

Femradiel seemed pretty amused after hearing that. She had thought that Ryan grew up a little and was taking baby steps to become a decent strategy, but perhaps that was just her imagination.

Since the monster couldn't move its head up, it couldn't see the meteors coming and hitting its head. That creature apparently sucked at tracking skills. Despite that, they knew what would happen if they let that situation keep repeating itself. So, the dungeon master decided to take their chances as well.

Suddenly, the massive beast charged toward Ryan, but he dodged the Fire Charge by using Teleport just like before. However, the massive monster also used Teleport. It appeared in front of him and used Fire Charge as well.

"And here I thought I wasn't going to face another enemy that can use Teleport any time soon," Ryan said.

After dodging the second attack, Ryan began to think of a way to get rid of that problem. In the end, he teleported to above the clouds since he was pretty sure the monster would need to spend larger amounts of mana to stay flying that high. However, instead of juggernaut, Ryan had to deal with magma meteors. When he dodged those, Ryan saw the dark clouds being dissipated by the shockwaves created by the punches of the monster. After using Teleport again, Ryan escaped one of the shockwaves. Still, the beast predicted his trajectory and managed to land an attack.

The shockwave full of hot air made Ryan fly for several kilometers upward. He was forced to breathe some of it, and that burned not only his external parts of his body but also his throat and lungs. Femradiel activated Ice Armor for him. Thanks to that, Ryan managed to recover his ability to think and used Teleport.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Heat Resistance has leveled up.

"You are saving my skin pretty often lately, huh," Ryan said.

"It can't be helped, by doing so, I also save my skin," Femradiel shrugged.

While Femradiel was trying not to feel too embarrassed, Ryan recovered his focus. It wasn't time to waste talking when a massive monster wanted to crush and fry him alive. When Ryan left the clouds, he saw the dungeon master floating while lying in the air. That was how the monster managed to find Ryan even though the clouds were blocking the monster's eyesight. Attacking the monster directly wasn't possible anymore, so Femradiel made sure to create some blocks of earth and then tossed them away to the distance, but those same still hit the monster's head thanks to Perfect Aim.

The dungeon master grew even more impatient since the creature couldn't block that type of skill. In the end, it decided to do something even crazier than before. The beast raised both of its arms, and then several eruptions happened at the same time in the nearby volcanoes.

As if that wasn't enough, all the ground below and around the monster also exploded, and that gave space to several eruptions. A lot of magma was suddenly showing up, but none of those got even close to Ryan. It only surrounded the beast. Still, Ryan didn't like what he was seeing.

Congratulations! The skill Fire Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Heat Resistance has leveled up.

The temperature was starting to rise again, but Ryan suddenly felt some cold comfort coming from above. Femradiel's body was starting to melt since it was essentially ice. A feeling of guilt filled Ryan's chest. Femradiel was probably suffering a lot just because Ryan refused to use his trump card every single time.

Ryan summoned his Hydra's bow. Even though he didn't transform into a dragon, he created an arrow and pulled the string with Telekinesis. The monster noticed that the air around Ryan changed, so the beast made all the magma in the area form a massive shield around it.

When Ryan saw the magma shield covering the whole body of the monster, he realized that the dungeon master was up to no good, but that didn't stop him from doing anything. In fact, Ryan was thankful that the monster would give him time to prepare an attack he was itching to see which special attack would win in that competition. It has been a while, but Ryan activated Power Shot. At the same time, he filled the arrow with massive amounts of mana and the ice element. Cryomancy played a pivotal role in that since Ryan managed to spend much more mana than stamina.

In the end, when the heat of the environment had completely disappeared, and Ryan could sense his balls freezing due to his mana, he decided to attack.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1