Chapter 585: Weirdness

Chapter 585: Weirdness

In the end, even Ryan didn't feel like insisting on that matter. As far as he was concerned, he would Femradiel's help to find the dungeon master. Besides, even though his eyesight was better than ever, a new pair of eyes was always welcome.

"It is a bit too late for that, but shouldn't you have waited for a while longer before looking for a dungeon master?" Femradiel asked. "I know that we are in a race against time, but I think you need a break. You used Draconic Transformation for quite a while and your body isn't used to that yet."

"We can't give too much time for the dungeon masters to prepare for our arrival," Ryan shook his head. "While it is a pain, we need to hurry. Besides, I will have as much time as I want to rest once I get my hands on those ores that I need. Anyway, where is the dungeon master?"

"I am sorry, but all these volcanoes are emitting a lot of mana," Femradiel said. "My detection range decreased quite a bit, so we will have to move for a while to find them."

In the end, Femradiel at least managed to find the direction in which the concentration of mana was more intense. It was up North, so Ryan decided to teleport to the volcanoes in that direction and waited for Femradiel to detect something. Ryan didn't find anything on the second volcano anything aside from a magma demon.

Magma Demon Lv 750

Health: 125.000 /125.000

Mana: 75.000/7.500

Stamina: 90.000/90.000

Strength: 7500 (+1800)

Dexterity: 2000 (+500)

Speed: 4500 (+1200)

Intelligence: 2500 (1200)

Endurance: 6000 (+1500)

Control: 2500 (+800)

Mentality: 4500 (+800)

Luck: 2500 (+300)

Recovery: 15.000 (+2000)

Willpower: 4500 (+800)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 350, Burning Hands Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Fiery Aura Lv 550, Augmented Recovery Lv 200, Augmented Strength Lv 200

Spells: Magma Sphere Lv 650, Magma Charge Lv 500, Explosive Impact Lv 480, Volcanic Explosion Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 550, Shock Resistance Lv 200, Cold Resistance Lv 150, Earth Resistance Lv 300, Fire Immunity Lv 150

When the creature emerged from the river of magma, Ryan couldn't help but frown. Why would a single one of those appear right now? Why not an army? Either way, it certainly wasn't the time to ponder about that. The Magma Demon charged toward Ryan, but it came to a stop when he hit it with a massive arrow fired by his Hydra's Bow. Much to Ryan's surprise, the arrow only flew for fifty meters. Naturally, it was due to the demon's power that stopped its momentum.

"What a dumbass" Ryan said and made several magic copies of his Petrification Crossbow appear.

In an instant, the monster was bombarded by dozens of bolts. Still, the petrification effect wasn't as powerful as Ryan had imagined. The points hit by the bolts only had a small petrified portion that barely could be seen from far away. However, Ryan didn't stop there. Before the monster could do anything, he kept bombarding the creature until all of its limbs had been petrified, and the beast couldn't fly anymore.

"In the end, this fucker is that resilient" Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan prevented the monster from falling into the sea of magma by using Telekinesis. Still, he didn't do it because he was merciful. Ryan did it because he wanted a new weapon. In the end, he was thankful for the result. His collection of weapons certainly was reaching new heights.

Magma Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of 100 points of mana, you can fire bolts that will add the 'burn' status on your targets. This effect will cause damage over time and decrease the target's endurance by ten points per five seconds.

Dexterity + 150, Intelligence + 100

Durability: 150/150

"My bad, I didn't notice this thing's presence," Femradiel said.

"It can't be helped, you said these volcanoes are emitting a lot of mana, so that obviously would hide them," Ryan said. "Anyway, if only there were a way to absorb this much mana"

Ryan assumed that the world looked like a destroyed world due to some Ambiental incident, but maybe that wasn't the only reason. After moving to the next volcano, Ryan and Femradiel found another Magma Demon. Just like it before, Ryan put the creature down with a massive stream of bolts, and while the beast was being defeated, he wondered as to why he was facing such a lone creature once again.

The same thing happened several times, and Ryan made sure to watch his back every single moment. It wouldn't be weird if suddenly an army of Magma Golems were teleported behind him. There was also the chance that some other type of monster could be teleported, since Ryan doubted that dungeon masters would only ally themselves with some experienced individuals.

"Nothing yet?" Ryan asked.

"Nothing yet," Femradiel replied.

Time was of the essence, so Ryan decided to keep teleporting and evading the fights. However, much to his annoyance, the Magma Demons began to follow him. After putting them down, Ryan decided not to get too close to the volcanoes. Still, even so the monsters somehow noticed his presence and attacked him.

"This has to be some sort of joke" Ryan said and then sighed.

"I detected something ahead I believe it is a vast concentration of monsters," Femradiel said.

Ryan's annoyance decreased a little, but in the end, his anger expression gave way to a frown when he used Clairvoyance. Fifty kilometers ahead of them, Ryan saw a massive army of magma golems moving toward the opposite direction, and from above, they found several magma demons guiding the creatures.

" I detected a single presence a few kilometers ahead from that army" Femradiel hesitated.

Ryan noticed Femradiel's hesitation, but he didn't see anything aside from a big and pointy volcano when he looked in that direction. However, when Ryan used Clairvoyance once again, he confirmed that the volcano was actually one heck of a massive magma golem, and dozens of magma golems were being absorbed by that creature.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1