Chapter 582: Prediction

Chapter 582: Prediction

Slowly but surely, the Chimeras were approaching Ryan at the same time. By the look of things, they knew that Ryan could use Teleport, so long-ranged attacks wouldn't work, even if they come from his blind spots. That being said, Ryan couldn't understand how they came to the conclusion that they would have a better chance with melee attacks.

To prevent the monsters' approach, Femradiel decided to help by firing Ice Spears since Ice Meteors were out of commission because Mohammed and the others might get killed by it. However, even such attacks didn't faze the Chimeras all that much. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan's mana was paying a hard price.

When all the Chimeras were thirty meters away from Ryan, they decided to charge as fast as possible and all at once. Ryan used Flash to quickly move to a safe position. Still, the impact caused when the fists of the Chimeras collided making the air of the area vibrate, and Ryan felt dizzy for a few precious moments. However, the same thing happened to the Chimeras, so he was safe.

The monsters looked at each other annoyed, but they didn't do much aside from that. That was odd. Ryan assumed that those who sold their humanity for power would be much more egocentric than that.

Imagining that something similar would happen again, the Chimeras changed their strategy. Pointing their hands toward Ryan, they began to fire a barrage of Shadow Spears. Ryan opened his eyes widely in surprise when his bolts passed by the attacks. Ryan managed to avoid the barrage by teleporting to several hundred meters above the monsters. Still, some of them hit him, and he didn't like the result.

All of your statuses have decreased by one hundred points for thirty seconds.

All of your statuses have decreased by one hundred points for thirty seconds.

All of your statuses have decreased by one hundred points for thirty seconds.

Congratulations! The skill Darkness Resistance has leveled up.

Darkness Resistance Lv 1  Lv 8

Effect: Decreases the effectiveness of dark-related attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 07 status points.

"The heck just because three of them hit me, all my status has to decrease this much?" Ryan frowned in shock.

While Ryan was thankful for the extra status points, it wasn't the right time to level up his Darkness Resistance. He prepared himself for the next barrage of Shadow Spears, but they never came. Instead of that, the monsters dashed at him again, and Ryan didn't notice if their speed had decreased or not.

"It looks like they have some skills to counter that negative effect," Femradiel said. "Don't lose your focus. I will help you with mana potions. They probably aren't that prepared for a long fight, so we can win this."

Ryan nodded after hearing that and then teleported too high in the sky. While the monsters quickly followed him, that didn't bother Ryan since he had some precious moments to recover his mana and attack the monsters even more.

That scene where Ryan attacked the monsters and escaped upward when they got close enough repeated itself many times. Still, then when he noticed that he was too high and breathing was getting hard, he saw that the chimeras stopped moving and pointed their hands at him. No attack came, but Ryan saw his control over his own body decreasing The monsters were using Telekinesis.

Ryan resisted and managed to move a little bit. Still, then when the five beasts' focus was totally on him, Ryan lost the ability to move a single inch. He tried to Teleport, but that didn't work that was weird since he still could continue attacking with his magic bows. In any case, Ryan was already too high, and the chimeras were trying to move him up even more

"Femradiel" Ryan said.

"Sorry, but I can't move either," Femradiel said. "Draconic Transformation can solve this whole situation easily, though."

"I can't use it the requirements haven't been met," Ryan said.

"You are such a pain in the ass" Femradiel said and then sighed.

Instead of relying on Draconic Transformation, Ryan decided to bring the big guns, literally. Ryan summoned a magic copy of Hydra's Bow, and the monsters frowned when they saw that massive weapon, but even that didn't stop them. However, when Ryan fired, and the first projectile hit one of the chimeras, Ryan felt his body becoming lighter again. Still, when the chimera recovered from the impact, he lost the ability to move again.

"Speed up in the use of mana, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"I am going as fast as I can," Femradiel said.

Ryan fired again and again with his massive bow, to the point where the monsters that got hit by him were being pushed several meters downward. Thanks to that, the monsters' plan to make Ryan enter into orbit came to a halt. Only three of them weren't strong enough to do that.

Upon noticing that their plan failed, the chimeras instantly moved to the next one. They pointed their stomachs toward Ryan, and then the mouth opened. Maybe it was because he felt creeped out by it, or it was because his instincts warned him of something, but Ryan instantly teleported back to the ground.

After a couple of seconds, Ryan saw five beams of energy coming from the sky toward him. He used Teleport again, but the beam followed him.

"Shit, they can use Perfect Aim too," Ryan muttered in surprise.

Ryan tried to escape too far away, but the speed of the attacks was as impressive as his Teleport. Escaping wasn't an option

"Now your life is truly on the line," Femradiel said. "If you don't want to die, then you should use Draconic Transformation."

"I can't do it until I am hundred percent sure that my life is on the line," Ryan said.

In the end, Ryan summoned his shield and activated several defensive spells. However, his shield was instantly destroyed, and the projectiles didn't lose power. But before Ryan could get hit, Femradiel jumped and blocked the beams of light.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1