Chapter 584: Rider

Chapter 584: Rider

After the fight, Ryan cooled down his head even more after he returned to his human form. That fight affected him too much, and Ryan couldn't let his enemies get the better of him. Otherwise, they might exploit those traits of him later on.

"Hehe, to think that you would get angry just because I lost a few lives," Femradiel said, and she was showing a happy and smug expression on her face. "Should I feel flattered?"

"Just shut up" Ryan said and then facepalmed.

To prevent any more waste of time, Ryan teleported everyone to the dungeon. Things would finally proceed forward, and Ryan won't have to worry about possible unpleasant surprises like those five chimeras. Still, Ryan wanted to make sure

"How many chimeras like those you guys find over the last months?" Ryan asked.

"Those five were the only ones we had to fight," Mohammed replied. "Do you think there are more of them?"

"I was hoping that you would confirm that isn't the case," Ryan said. "In any case, I don't plan on underestimating the dungeon masters, so I will wait for at least that much."

While Ryan and the others didn't find anything aside from ordinary chimeras inside the dungeon, he didn't drop his guard. Still, even when he found the last part of the dungeon, Ryan couldn't help but worry about what would happen once he moved to face the first dungeon master. Mohammed and the others will guard the dungeon, and if any of them die in their duty Ryan probably won't receive the extra reward that Isis promised, and truth to be told, he was looking forward to it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Rider, Archer, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Rider!

You obtained the following skills: Cavalry Mastery, Rider's Spirit, and Expertise.

Your health and strength will increase by four points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cavalry Mastery.

Effect: It passively increases your physical attacks by one percent per level while using monsters and animals as mounts.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Rider's Spirit.

Effect: It passively increases the movement speed of your mount by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Expertise.

Effect: It increases by ten points the total damage caused by your attacks while mounted and spear-like weapons.

You obtained 01 status points.

In the end, Ryan had to choose a class that he never saw before despite the looks, it certainly was a combat class, but since it was a very situational class, Ryan didn't feel that excited by it. Even though he gained three passive skills from it.

"What an unusual class" Ryan frowned.

"You can always train it once Furball finishes his training," Femradiel said.

Ryan nodded at that. He wished that he could do that sooner, but the stakes were getting too high, and the enemies were becoming more troublesome as well. So, leaving Furball fighting in that dungeon alone was a necessity. Regardless, Ryan waited for the others to obtain their classes since he needed to at least coordinate some actions with Mohammed in case something unexpected happens.

"What are we going to do now?" Mohammed asked.

"You guys should guard this dungeon, while this is a roundabout way to solve things, I would rather leave the most troublesome enemy for later," Ryan said. "So, I am going to defeat the other two first."

Mohammed couldn't help but be impressed since Ryan declared that as a matter of fact, but in the end, he had the skills to back his actions. Ryan thought Mohammed would ask some more things, but he didn't. Before anything, Ryan used some INT potions. While Femradiel and Mohammed couldn't understand why, they more or less knew that Ryan wouldn't do something like that without a reason. Mohammed didn't see why Ryan did that, but Femradiel did when they suddenly appeared already inside the Magma Golems' dungeon.

"Ah, so you don't want to let the dungeon masters know where you are," Femradiel said. "Well, you will have to be quicker since they can see inside the dungeons."

Ryan already knew that, and that was exactly why he instantly teleported to where the purple crystal was and then touched it. While the dungeon master noticed when someone entered their domain, Ryan couldn't imagine how they would communicate with the others.

Regardless, Ryan saw himself standing at the top of a volcano. He had no idea if the place he was teleported was random. Still, if someone or something puts the portal in such a crazy place, Ryan would love to talk with them while pointing his crossbow toward their ass. In front of Ryan, there was a cliff and the pathway down to a lifeless and red-brown world. There were countless volcanoes in the distance, to the point where it was only obvious that only someone crazy or someone who loves volcanoes would choose to be their base. Behind Ryan, there was a huge river of magma that also was the interior of the volcano. Just staring at it made Ryan feel dizzy. The heat was also barely bearable. It looked like Femradiel would hate that place

"Not again" Femradiel said, visibly dispirited.

"You should return, this place will decrease the effectiveness of your attacks, so there is no sense in trying too hard," Ryan said.

"While I agree with that, this is a problem that I need to face," Femradiel said. "Sooner or later, I will have to increase my Heat Resistance and Fire Resistance and I think now is the time for that, before I find an even worse environment for me."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1