Chapter 586: Expectation

Chapter 586: Expectation

"Oh, crap" Ryan said and then facepalmed. "I guess the opponent this time is one of those that can absorb their minions for power."

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

When Ryan used Appraisal, he confirmed his theory. He didn't find a single magma golem that could block his Appraisal. At the same time, hundreds of magma demons were flying around the golem that certainly was the dungeon master.

"Wow that certainly is the tallest monster I have ever seen," Femradiel said. "It can't even be compared to dragons in fact, dragons would look like insects in front of that."

Maybe Ryan's estimations were off, but that thing was at least five miles high if that was the correct way to say the monster's height. In any case, Ryan couldn't help but wonder how that thing could withstand its massive height and weight, but then he noticed that the monster was levitating.

"Magic is so conveniently annoying at times like these" Ryan said and then sighed. "Well, once that thing falls, it will probably sink on the ground for quite a while."

"Are you going to face that without using Draconic Transformation?" Femradiel said.

"The golden rule of that skill is not to rely on it too much," Ryan said. "Besides, I am pretty sure this dungeon master will be a breeze to defeat."

"I can't even begin to understand how you reached that conclusion" Femradiel said. "I really hope that you will manage to show me something amazing, so I won't ask for your battle plan."

The truth of the matter was that Ryan didn't have a real battle plan. He just wanted to use that giant magma golem didn't have. After looking at the sky, Ryan only found dark clouds filled with electricity. Despite that, he teleported to them and then flew through the clouds, only to find a red sky in the place of the usual blue it looked like even the atmosphere of that planet had been altered by the heat that who knows how many volcanoes could emit.

After looking in all directions, Ryan didn't even find a sun or two now. That was weird. In any case, Ryan didn't find a moon either. So, he discovered that he couldn't use Lunar Arrow without one

"Oh, boy" Ryan said and then shrugged. "I guess I can't cheat here let's fight fair and square. Look on the bright side, Ryan. You are going to fight a monster that is bigger than any giant robot ever imagined, it will be even more awesome to defeat such a monster without using your strongest technique."

"Well, aren't you a positive man?" Femradiel frowned. "Knowing you, I thought you would complain nonstop until the very start of the fight."

"I guess this shows that you don't know me well enough," Ryan said.

Regardless, Ryan couldn't see a single point where the dark clouds couldn't be seen. He thought of using them to his advantage. Still, even from such a height, Ryan didn't feel his body crossing any barriers, so the range of the dungeon master's domain probably even reached the limits of that planet's atmosphere as unreasonable as that sounded.

"I am about to give up on using cheap tricks to win this fight I don't have time to waste here, after all." Ryan and then furrowed his eyebrows. "Wait, I still can"

Before he could waste any more time, Ryan teleported to where the big golem was. From up close, he could see that a huge part of the monster's body was hidden in the clouds, occasionally being hit by lightning bolts. However, the thick skin of the beast prevented it from suffering any real damage.

Ryan summoned his massive titanium spear and made it spin as fast as possible. Still, thanks to that, the monster finally reacted and looked in his direction. At that moment, the beast only raised a single finger. Then a massive pillar of magma emerged from the ground and moved toward Ryan, who was five kilometers above ground level. Despite the distance, the attack had been instantaneous, but Ryan used Flash and moved to the side, escaping the attack.

The dungeon master didn't stop there and tried to hit Ryan several times with those magma pillars. However, that hadn't been the only troublesome thing in that situation. The magma demons also began to fly toward him.

"I guess I will deal with the flying enemies," Femradiel said and then bombarded the beasts with Ice meteors.

Fortunately, the momentum of her attacks protected Ryan and even made the magma demons being knocked down on the ground. Thanks to it, he had the chance to make the spear reach the speed he wanted. In the last moment, before firing, Ryan activated Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim. The giant monster tried to block the attack, but as expected, the beast was too slow still, much to Ryan's surprise, his spear barely pierced the monster's body. The wound was only a few meters deep, and any movement would make it fall.

"I guess I judged the speed of that thing right, but not the endurance," Ryan said.

By using Telekinesis, Ryan made the spear pierce the monster's body little by little. Still, even that would take too long to show any result. In the end, Ryan decided to help with Vital Hunter, but the dungeon master's actions also changed. Suddenly, the monster grew bigger no, the creature used Fire Charge and tried to crush Ryan with its massive body. Still, Ryan dodged the attack since Femradiel noticed and used Teleport in his place.

"So, you can even do that, huh," Ryan said. "When did I give you so much freedom?"

"You have a weird way to say thanks," Femradiel said.

The monster was behind Ryan, so he used that chance to attack the monster's exposed back, but even so, Ryan didn't notice his arrows causing any real damage. He couldn't confirm if Vital hunter was actually working...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1