Chapter 589: Celestial

Chapter 589: Celestial

"I kind of liked the atmosphere that you created here," Femradiel said just before he decided to fire.

When Ryan fired, he saw the massive magma shield protecting the dungeon master concentrated in front of the monster. One very thick magma wall tried to stop Ryan's arrow, but much to everyone's surprise, the arrow pierced all that magma and hit the monster's chest. This time the projectile pierced the monster's body pretty deep, but the attack wasn't over yet.

All the mana Ryan had concentrated in the attack exploded, and the whole torso of the monster froze. That was the power of Cryomancy and Water Creation, but to essentially freeze the equivalent of a small mountain Ryan was quite shocked with the result since he didn't use a single potion to power up his attributes.

Ryan didn't lose that chance. While the monster lost the ability to move due to the ice, he teleported to approach and then began to attack the frozen area with his Spiritualist's Crossbows. Just as Ryan had expected, his projectiles easily pierced the monster's bodies. All that extra endurance the boss had due to the heat was completely destroyed due to the ice.

"Something is coming," Femradiel said while she was frowning and noticed something amiss.

Ryan frowned when he heard. He just had started digging the monster's body, and yet he didn't notice anything. Still, then the area inside the frozen body of the beast exploded, and a red lizard suddenly appeared. It kind of made Ryan recall the Reptilians, but that one seemed more like a salamander who could walk on two legs. The creature had red scales covering all of its body, and their eyes were green, quite the contrast and more importantly than that

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

While Ryan prepared himself for the final confrontation, the creature suddenly disappeared from his sight. The massive, monstrous body began to fall apart when the being that put everything together decided to flee.

"What the heck" Ryan frowned.

Suddenly, Ryan's vision changed since Femradiel forcefully made him use Teleport. Then he saw the red lizard flying in the distance. The dungeon master didn't even try to fight one last time that certainly was a disappointment. Still, that showed Ryan one thing, the dungeon master wasn't confident in the last fight or he was luring Ryan into a trap.

The flying speed of the monster was too fearsome. Even when Ryan used Teleport to block the lizard's path, the beast could notice and react in a millisecond that Ryan would appear at a certain point. Then the monster would change its direction. Femradiel tried to knock down the monster with Ice Meteors and Perfect Aim. Still, the beast was even faster than a falling meteor.

While Ryan was pursuing the dungeon master, he decided to change his strategy. After using several INT potions, he used Telekinesis to slow down the monster's speed. At the same time, he succeeded, which had been barely noticeable.

"Don't stop, keep using it, I can feel that creature's mana being drained at a fearsome speed," Femradiel said. "You can do it."

Ryan listened to Femradiel's words, and after a couple of minutes, he noticed the dungeon master's speed decreasing. As expected, the creature didn't make any preparations aside from using their giant magma golem to crush Ryan. Upon noticing that fighting was inevitable, the beast stopped and suddenly made several Magma Spears appear around itself. That was quite cool. Ryan wished that he could be that good at magic.

"Can you read his mind, Femradiel?" Ryan asked while he was equipping a Frozen Crossbow in one hand and the Spiritualist Crossbow in the other.

"Not yet" Femradiel said. "It looks like the dungeon master, it is just like the Chimeras it is impossible for us to obtain any information from him."

Ryan sighed after hearing that. In the end, those guys were like soldiers who were forced to choose death instead of revealing information about their allies. Ryan could respect that much companionship, but since he was losing the chance to obtain some valuable information, he couldn't help but feel pissed.

In any case, Ryan used his crossbows, and the monster fired its Magma Spear as well. When those collided against each other, a pretty wide steam curtain appeared. Thanks to Radar, Ryan noticed that the monster used it as a chance to escape again.

Ryan sighed, but then he changed his strategy. Before his INT potions could run out of effect, he used hundreds of CON potions at the same time and then used Telekinesis again. This time the dungeon master was stopped entirely.

"Go on, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"Roger that," Femradiel said and then made dozens of Ice Meteors fall one after the other over the dungeon master's head.

Much sooner than Ryan expected, the dungeon master fell unconscious on the ground. Blood was coming out from the monster's ears and nose, so Ryan imagined that Femradiel had broken the monster's skull and damaged the brain.

"I thought this guy was a mage, but I guess he has the physical traits of the Reptilians," Ryan said.

"Should I finish him off?" Femradiel asked.

"Let me see what will happen if I use the spirit of a dungeon master to create a magic weapon," Ryan said. "While I think that if I create magic staff, I will obtain a weapon that will enhance my summoning skills. It is kind of weird to move around while using a magic wand or magic staff."

"You sure can worry about the weirdest things," Femradiel said.

Celestial Summoner's Crossbow

Effect: At the cost of 5000 points of mana, you can fire a special bolt that will cause normal damage, but upon impact, it will summon a level 50 Magma Golem

Dexterity + 400, Intelligence 400, Strength.

Durability: 250/250

You obtained 15.362.365 coins

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1