Chapter 590: Magic Sword Tome

Chapter 590: Magic Sword tome

" This is some weird crossbow," Ryan said. "As expected, I should choose with more care the type of weapon I will make. I can't create magic crossbows if my opponents were plain warriors or ordinary summoners."

"You took quite a while to understand that," Femradiel said.

While the weapon was weird, Ryan was more than satisfied with the coins he received. Now he just had to look for the crystal and then become the dungeon master of that world. Selecting a creature to guard the crystal will be troublesome, but that was something Ryan had to deal with in the first place.

"Femradiel, can you guide me to where the crystal is?" Ryan asked.

"Sure, now that the dungeon master died, the level of mana returned to normal on this planet, the barrier has been lifted, after all," Femradiel said.

"I would like to ask you to stop," Isis suddenly said. "If you become the dungeon master of this world, the dungeon level of the Magma Golems will reset. That will cause some issues for my people in Cairo."

"That wasn't part of the deal," Ryan said. "I solved the problem, at least a part of it. Do you really expect me to leave three dungeon master's crystals behind after defeating the dungeon masters?"

"We can negotiate about that," Isis said.

"Yeah, sure we can, but I wonder if your offer will satisfy me," Ryan said. "Come to think of it, you didn't consider this until now? I can't help but wonder could it be that you didn't think I would succeed?"

While Ryan's suspicions were well-founded, it didn't seem like a good time to question Isis. In any case, he couldn't just let that kind of thing slide so easily. Although he looked for Isis and asked for help, he did his part of the accord completely. Anything aside from that could be done at his own description.

"First of all, I owe you something for protecting all my followers in the previous fight," Isis said and then made a tome appear in front of Ryan, and that made him wonder how come she could teleport things from a world to another.

Magic Sword Tome

Effect: it grants you the power to summon magic swords that can help you in melee combat and can be used as projectiles as well. For each skill level, you can summon one extra magic sword to stay at your side until necessary. For every ten levels, you can summon a new type of elemental magic sword.

Cost: 500 mana.

"I heard what you said earlier, now you can do the same thing as the dungeon master did," Isis said. "You just have to level up the skill for a while and you will become even more powerful with that skill."

Another woman who had the bad habit of spying on others While Ryan was thankful for the reward since it would come in handy, he wasn't sure if it was worth it to prevent so many deaths no, he was sure that it was too cheap for such a difficult task.

"You seem unsatisfied" Isis said. "I guess giving you something that you wanted wasn't the right call. Well, truth to be told, aside from the things I was going to trade with you for this world, I don't have anything that will be useful for someone like you. But before you defeat the next dungeon master, I will have some decent rewards."

Anti-Telekinesis Tome

Effect: It decreases the power of the enemies' telekinesis by ten points per level.

Gravity Immunity Tome

Effect: it decreases the power of gravity-related attacks by ten points per level.

"Do you want those in exchange for this dungeon?" Isis asked.

Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. If he didn't learn the first skill when the chimeras used Telekinesis on his body, that it was certain that it wasn't a skill that could be learned by using normal means. If that was the case, that certainly was an expensive tome. As for Gravity Immunity, Ryan didn't even find an enemy until now that had such a skill, so perhaps that was a fair trade.

"All right, I will accept it," Ryan said.

In the end, it would be a pain to become the dungeon master of dungeons that were so far away from his domain. However, Ryan accepted the offer in order to start the negotiation in a good term. If the next offers don't satisfy him, Ryan will refuse it since the number of coins he could earn by becoming the dungeon masters of two other domains would be astronomical.

"I am grateful for this," Isis said. "No matter what happens, I need to prevent my troops from falling behind in this race."

Ryan didn't say anything after hearing that. It wasn't his problem, but in the end, until he gets what he wants, he will have to play it nicely. The next dungeon to be cleared was the armored crocodiles, and Ryan was expecting to face a dungeon master as annoying as the first. Still, he decided to hurry and try to finish that one as well that day.

"If you are done, can we leave this place already?" Femradiel asked. "The weather improved a little bit, but this heat is getting on my nerves."

In the end, Ryan left the world as soon as possible, even without checking if there was something that the dungeon master left behind. In any case, now that he had cooled his head, Ryan couldn't help but wonder as to why he found a single red lizard. It was hard to believe that he was the only of his species in that world, and yet, Ryan and Femradiel only found Magma Demons and Magma Golems with him.

"Why do you think the dungeon master was alone, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"Who knows, maybe he became too strong when compared to others of his race," Femradiel said. "Or perhaps those red lizards once lived in this world and he is the last survivor."

Both possibilities were plausible, and yet, Ryan couldn't help but frown by considering them. Either way, it looked like the dungeon master had quite the fearsome life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1