Chapter 596: Depressing Place

Chapter 596: Depressing place

It didn't take long for Ryan and Femradiel to find something, but not only did they not find what they were looking for, but they also found something rather depressing. It was essentially a massive hole that had many types of bones inside. Bones of human-looking creatures and those that obviously belonged to monsters.

"This place is making me depressed quite fast" Ryan said.

"I guess with this we can assume that whoever created the Chimeras, didn't do it by using magic and in a clean manner," Femradiel said.

That thought alone was something that Ryan wanted to forget as soon as possible it was obvious at this point in time. Still, after seeing the pool of bones that were in that hole, it was evident that the dungeon master was something like a mad scientist who experimented with several monsters and creatures. Trying to create a super being or something like that. Those five guys Ryan killed before probably were rather despaired to accept such an offer from a dungeon master insane like that.

"I guess we can expect a freak that probably collected the bodies and parts of many creatures to strengthen themselves," Ryan said. "Still, I can't help but wonder how such a creature managed to achieve success at something this insane."

"Normal people wouldn't wonder about that kind of thing," Femradiel said.

"I guess I am not normal then," Ryan shrugged. "I am a man of science."

"Really? I find that hard to believe," Femradiel said.

Before that topic could continue for quite a while, Ryan decided to shut up. Since he found one of the trash cans of the dungeon master, he had assumed that they were close to the monster's base. However, despite that assumption, they didn't find anything out of place in the area.

"Do you feel that you are being watched?" Ryan asked.

"No, and you?" Femradiel asked.

"Me neither," Ryan replied. "It looks like the dungeon master is paying no mind to us, even though we defeated all of their minions."

Being looked down on by his enemies after doing even that much was a normal occurrence in Ryan's life, but that was the first time he entered someone else's domain. The dungeon master was completely uninterested in him. Either the creature had better things to do, or maybe they didn't care about their domain. However, if that were the case, Isis would say something at that moment. Given that she was a dungeon master for quite a while, she probably knew a few things more than Ryan and Femradiel.

Regardless, since taking their time was being a pain in the ass, Ryan decided to use Teleport pretty much whenever possible. After appearing at a location, he only gave a few seconds for Femradiel to scan the area, and then he moved. They only stopped when Ryan noticed that the city where he appeared was pretty large like one hundred kilometers large.

"I guess we appeared at the center of one hell of a metropolis of this world," Ryan said.

"I can sense the smell of something in the air," Femradiel said. "I think we are close to the ocean of this world."

That was some progress, but Ryan didn't feel like exploring the ocean anytime soon. The most obvious thing to do was to check the land. However, after a while, Ryan felt compelled to check the ocean of that world maybe that would help him in his search somehow. After all, until now, they only found destruction and the most depressing city that he had ever seen.

Femradiel guided Ryan to the ocean, and as expected, even the water of that planet seemed dead. Maybe it was due to some special type of mineral in that world, but Ryan was pretty sure the water of that world couldn't be drunk since it was also gray. As far as he knew, it was probably impossible that even if all the volcanoes of a world went active together and began to spill ashes, it wouldn't be enough to dirt all the water of the world.

"It is kind of hard to see where the ocean ends and the sky begins horizon," Ryan said. "Anyway, nothing yet, Femradiel?"

"No, but I think we should explore the ocean," Femradiel said. "This dungeon master is someone smart enough to create chimeras using several types of bodies, but until now we didn't find a single trail of them or their minions in land. I believe that is because they aren't on land."

While Ryan assumed that made a lot of sense since it was much better to have a base that could change places, finding any landmarks on the ocean will be close to impossible.

"The level of mana in the open sea is lower than on land, so I think tracking the dungeon master will be easier," Femradiel added.

"You say tracking, but we are going to get lost in there," Ryan said. "I can't see us succeeding."

"You can rest assured, I have a great sense of direction," Femradiel said. "We won't get lost, but if at some point you feel that has happened, we can teleport back to the starting point after using some potions. It is your call."

Since Ryan didn't have a better idea, he decided to follow Femradiel's lead. As it turned out, they found something pretty soon. After crossing over a few dozen kilometers, they found an island a moving island. At first, Ryan felt that something was off since the island was quite round, too round in fact, but then they noticed that it was an artificial island. One couldn't find trees or even sand in that place. It was almost like a big piece of the city Ryan found before had broken apart and began to float. The only difference was that Ryan couldn't see a single building at the top of it and that from a distance, it would be hard to notice it.

"There are some presences in there," Femradiel said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1