Chapter 598: Tyrant

Chapter 598: Tyrant

"I think you should move away from this place," Femradiel said. "Something very powerful is coming... the largest presence I have felt until now since I arrived on your planet."

Ryan didn't have to hear that warning twice. After all, even he began to feel a presence below them. That was odd, they didn't feel a single presence before, and then something massive appeared.

After teleporting away from the island, Ryan saw from above the whole place shattering into pieces. Then a mysterious but massive figure appeared in front of them. It wasn't like the previous mountain-sized golem, but that one had at least double of the size of an ordinary dragon.

The creature managed to stay still even above water thanks to Water-Walking. Thanks to it, Ryan and Femradiel managed to see the whole creature, but it was kind of hard to believe in what they were seeing.

"It is a fucking Godzilla," Ryan said.

"No that is a Crystal Tyrant Dragon," Femradiel said.

While the creature resembled quite a bit the monster from the cinemas, Ryan noticed that the monster had many features that felt out of place. The beast's scales were transparent like glass. That was why Femradiel said that thing was a Crystal something. Even its eyes were entirely white. Aside from that, the overall form of the body made Ryan resemble a Godzilla. That was probably why Femradiel said that thing was a Tyrant Dragon. It would be pretty awesome if Femradiel could build a body like that, she would be unstoppable.

However, the monster also had certain features that looked really out of place. One of them was the massive dark horn at the top of its forehead and the three pairs of angel-like wings on the creature's back. The dungeon master certainly liked to add demon and angel features in the things he modified.

"I can't say that I had even seen a Crystal dragon before," Ryan said.

"They are extremely rare since they are a mutation," Femradiel said. "I am pretty sure that the Tyrant species of dragons weren't supposed to give birth to a creature like that. Crystal dragons are supposed to be pretty fast at flying, but one that has such a body is"

"How do you know that?" Ryan asked. "Weren't you supposed to have amnesia?"

"I am using my instincts to confirm those things," Femradiel replied.

While that was weird, it wasn't time for Ryan to think about that. In any case, that Crystal Tyrant Dragon whatever certainly was a chimera. No wonder the dungeon master finally did something, that was a rare species of monster and that made Ryan wonder, where did he find such massive horns and wings?

"Why did you come to my world, human?" The crystal dragon opened his mouth, and Ryan frowned when he heard the creature speaking proper English.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

"I swear it I fucking hate Mind Armor," Ryan said after he clicked his tongue. "I am a tax collector and I came because you need to pay for your services on Earth."

After saying that, Ryan summoned a magic copy of Hydra's Bow and then fired. However, despite the fearsome speed of the projectile, the dungeon master grabbed the magic projectile with a single hand. That thing certainly had the speed of the crystal dragons Femradiel mentioned

It looked like that foe would be a pain to deal with not only the dungeon master could create Chimeras, but he also could assume the bodies of the same Chimeras while both skills probably had a limit, Ryan didn't know if he would last long in a battle of endurance, he sucked at that, after all.

"We are at war, we are single pieces in a bigger board game," The dungeon master said. "And you have come to fight me because I made use of my turn? Truly, you humans truly are a primitive species. You can't even understand what you are doing and why, and yet, you come to waste your time and my time."

After saying that, the dungeon master opened its mouth and then fired a light beam toward Ryan. He used Teleport to escape the attack, but Ryan saw the air vibrating through space where the laser passed. As if that wasn't crazy enough, Ryan could see a massive hole in the sky the clouds that got hit by the laser vanished without a trace. As for the true color of the sky, it was gray as well but at that point in time, Ryan had already imagined that was the case.

Ryan had teleported to behind the monster and prepared to use the Immobilizing Crossbow alongside with Vital Hunter. Still, then suddenly, his body began to get heavier. It didn't take long for Ryan to see what had happened.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Gravity Immunity has leveled up.

"The good old gravity magic," Ryan muttered while he was having a hard time keeping himself flying. "Annoying bastard"

The range of that spell was massive. Even though Ryan was five hundred meters away from the dungeon master, he could tell that everything between himself and the monster had been caught in a massive and powerful gravity field.

Ryan teleported away in order to decrease the effectiveness of the spell. Still, much to his surprise, the distance between himself and the monster didn't decrease that was odd. Ryan confirmed that his mana decreased, so he certainly used Teleport.

"It looks like he has some trick up his sleeve that prevents you from getting away from him," Femradiel said. "It doesn't matter what you try to do, you will have to deal with him in this range."

Ryan hoped to hear a solution coming from Femradiel's mouth, not a problem. In any case, he quickly accepted that fact and just began his preparations to fight like that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1