Chapter 595: Cold Immunity

Chapter 595: Cold Immunity

"Although you finished this part of the mission rather fast, I believe I obtained suitable rewards," Isis said. "Considering that you are going to face Poseidon eventually, these skills will help you more than a little bit."

Cold Immunity Tome

Effect: It decreases the damage caused to you by ice-related attacks by ten points per level.

Freezing Aura Tome

Effect: It decreases the damage caused on you by an ice-related attack by ten points per level. It increases all of your ice-related attack damage by three percent per level.

"What do you think?" Isis asked.

"What I think, you ask" Ryan frowned.

To be honest, Ryan had no idea if those rewards were suitable enough. Again, he never found an enemy that had Cold Immunity probably. While both skills seemed like some good cards to have against the god of the seas, Ryan still couldn't say if they were enough even though the job had been relatively easy.

"You should take it," Femradiel said. "Both skills cost one hundred million coins in the monster's system. It shouldn't be any cheaper in the dungeon shops."

Although Femradiel said that, until both skills reach a level where they could be useful against Poseidon, Ryan will have to train pretty hard. Even though Femradiel could help him with that. Regardless, Ryan decided to follow her advice. Still, he made a mental note to only accept something truly amazing once he defeats the last dungeon master. Something that will leave his mouth hanging open.

"Thank you for accepting those," Isis said. "As for the remaining monsters in this world, you can leave it to my followers. They will prevent the other creatures from taking the place of the previous dungeon master."

Two-thirds of the job had been completed, so Ryan decided to take a break after returning to Earth. There was no mistake that the last dungeon master would be hard to deal with, so the rest was not deserved but necessary. Once again, Ryan and Femradiel found Mohammed waiting for them outside the dungeon he certainly was a hard worker.

"Congratulations, it looks like you succeeded again," Mohammed said.

"If you don't mind, I would like to borrow a room in your city," Ryan said. "I need a break to fresh my mind. I don't know what to expect from the last target, so I need to be at my peak once I use the last purple crystal."

Mohammed nodded, and before he could say anything, Ryan touched his shoulder, and then they appeared in the middle of the desert. After using some potions, Ryan used Teleport again and then appeared at the entrance of Cairo.

While Mohammed was saying something about Teleport, he guided Ryan toward a place they had built for guests to use. That was rather unexpected given that so many people died all over the world, but that was probably a custom of the people of the region. Mohammed also asked if Ryan wanted to drink or eat anything, but in the end, he only wanted a bed to sleep. Once he laid down on the bed, Ryan slept like a rock.

Although he thought of taking a nap until sunrise, Ryan ended up only waking up at noon. Much to his surprise, the coolness of the place was much better than expected, so the heat of the desert was unable to penetrate the walls of most buildings in the city.

"You snored quite a lot," Femradiel said while she was standing above a table in front of the room as if she were a statue.

"Did you notice any changes outside?" Ryan asked.

"No, why do you ask?" Femradiel asked.

"I wondered if the last dungeon master would try anything while I was sleeping," Ryan replied. "I guess I was just overthinking things."

Time was of the essence, so Ryan headed toward the last dungeon even before looking for Mohammed. In the end, they touched the crystal without making many preparations as well since, once again, they knew nothing of the target. What Ryan and Femradiel found in the other world was beyond anything that they had imagined. Instead of a forest, desert, or a world in flames, they found a massive, grey city.

All the sky was being hidden due to an endless sea of clouds above. As for things down below, the world was grey due to a lot of ashes. It didn't take for Ryan to feel his nostrils burning It looked like the atmosphere of that place was quite dirty.

"This place is" Ryan muttered.

Ryan couldn't see the proper and natural ground, but he was standing above something similar to concrete. Adding that to the numerous buildings around, he concluded that he was teleported to a fairly modern world. One that probably ended due to pollution or was about to end. The buildings were pretty uniform, all in a rectangular shape, but there wasn't anything like skyscrapers for some odd reason.

"Do you feel any presence nearby, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"Not a single one," Femradiel said. "It looks like my tracking skills won't be reliable again for some odd reason these ashes are filled with mana and it doesn't look like this ashes rain is going to stop anytime soon."

It has been quite a while since the humans who became Chimeras had been in this world, so the chances of them finding any traces were quite small. In any case, both of them were bound to find something if they continued searching around.

Ryan teleported to the top of one of the highest buildings in the area. Still, thanks to the ashes, the visibility was as bad as it could be. After looking at all distances, Ryan only shrugged. It doesn't matter which direction he might look. Everything was basically the same. Almost as if he was in a world that was basically a labyrinth.

"Well, a journey of one thousand steps start with one," Ryan shrugged. "Femradiel warned me of you notice anything strange."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1