Chapter 599: Creation

Chapter 599: Creation

Ryan began to fire with several magic copies of his Immobilizing Crossbow while Vital Hunter was active. However, after just a couple of bolts landed, the massive monster flew toward his direction and, in a single instant, was right in front of Ryan and ready to smash him with its right arm as if Ryan was a fly.

Even before the impact, Ryan felt his bones cracking since the effectiveness of the gravity field increased tenfold when the monster was that close. However, Ryan teleported to behind the monster and began to attack the monster's neck. While the crystal-like scales seemed pretty fragile, Ryan's bolts didn't leave a single scratch.

"How can a monster that was supposed to be a specialist at flying be this sturdy, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"It is tyrant, didn't you want one of these because of their sturdiness?" Femradiel asked. "It seems that you also forgot that this dungeon master likes to mix traits of several creatures to create all-rounder creatures."

Instead of masters of none, all the Chimeras faced so far were truly a pain in the ass in all aspects. So, he should have expected something like that from the dungeon master's ultimate weapon. The massive monster suddenly turned around, and then Ryan was pushed back several meters away just by the movement of the wind.

The creature tried to fry Ryan alive with the energy beam that flew from its mouth again. Still, the very moment the beast opened its mouth, Ryan used Flash and appeared at the top of the monster's head. While he was trying to attack a single point and notice any difference in Vital Hunter's efficiency, Ryan also equipped his Pestilence Crossbow + 10 and fired several times in a row. However, the monster's flesh wasn't poisoned since even in the parts where one couldn't find scales, Ryan found a thin crystal-like layer of defense.

"This just keeps getting better and better," Ryan muttered and then used Teleport to escape when he saw a massive claw moving towards him.

The air vibrated when the dungeon master hit its head when it tried to crush Ryan. Even a single slap probably has enough power to kill Ryan despite that, he wasn't that nervous. How many times had he fought enemies that could just kill him with their weight alone? Too many to count.

"Try to use the Thunderlord Crossbow," Femradiel said.

If the poison wasn't working and his first strategy probably would take too long to work, Ryan might as well follow Femradiel's advice. Although Ryan wasn't expecting much, when his first bolt landed, he noticed that the dungeon master flinched, for a millisecond, to be precise. Perhaps that had been Ryan's imagination, but then when he created several magic copies of his crossbow and used them, Ryan clearly noticed that the dungeon master stopped for a fraction of a second whenever his electric bolts hit.

"Annoying worm," the dungeon master.

"Says the guy who doesn't have the courage to show himself," Ryan said. "I am pretty sure even flies have more courage than someone like you who decided to defile the bodies of other creatures and then use them like someone wearing armor. You make me sick. Crushing you with my feet will be extremely satisfying."

It was quite rare for Ryan to go to the point where he would say things like that. In fact, Femradiel couldn't remember a single time where he debated with his foe. In the past, it was evident that Ryan didn't see his enemies like real adversaries. Still, just like an obstacle, he had to surpass.

When Ryan tried to attack with his electric bolts again, the dungeon master sent a gust of wind through the palm of its hands to repel the projectiles. Much to Ryan's annoyance, it worked pretty well.

"Don't feel too bad about it," Femradiel said. "At least he obviously used much more mana than you."

Femradiel certainly isn't good at comforting others since it was evident that the mana pool of that dungeon master was bigger than anything Ryan could have ever imagined. However, at least her words gave Ryan some insight, her previous words.

When the monster opened its mouth again, Ryan repeated his previous strategy and then used Flash toward the monster's head. From that up close, no gust of wind would stop his bolts, but the dungeon master's natural armor would also be a pain. However, before the beast could try to crush Ryan with its claws again, he heard a crack at the top of his head.

"Wow it worked," Femradiel muttered in surprise.

Ryan attacked several times in the same spot, with his Frozen Crossbow and Fire Master Crossbow. After freezing and heating the same sport over and over again, Ryan's attacks finally caused a crack at the top of the monster's head.

"What did you do, worm?" the dungeon master asked.

"You should see for yourself," Ryan replied.

Before the dungeon master could try anything, Ryan equipped his Pestilence Crossbow and finally managed to poison the beast when the real skin of the creature was scratched by the bolt. As expected, even the creature's skin was challenging but wasn't at the same level as the crystal layer.

Suddenly, the monster felt a little sharp pain at the top of its head and then decided to act before Ryan could cause even more damage. Still, the dungeon master regretted his choice since it failed at crushing Ryan and hit the Spiritualist's Spear Ryan had put in there. The weapon pierced the monster's head and caused massive damage even though the weapon was also destroyed thanks to it.

"Oh, well I have thirty of those, so it is fine," Ryan shrugged.

"It is very weird to see you being positive about something," Femradiel said.

Although Ryan wanted to give a proper reply to Femradiel, he gave up on it since he felt earth-shattering anger coming from the eyes of the dungeon master. As expected, he was quite pissed since he fell for an obvious trick. Regardless, Ryan couldn't care less about it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1