Chapter 594: Popular

Chapter 594: Popular

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

"Mind Armor sure is a popular skill" Ryan said and then sighed. "It is amazing that almost every single dungeon master can use it."

When Ryan was about to attack the dungeon master, suddenly, the creature slowed down for a second. Then an army of armored crocodiles appeared in front of him. Ryan ignored them and used Teleport to decrease the distance, but the same thing happened again. Still, the creature used his archers to attack Ryan. While hitting him was close to impossible due to Teleport, they were buying enough time for their master since Ryan couldn't attack and use Teleport at the same time.

"I will focus on defense," Femradiel said. "Just do what you can to catch him."

After saying that, Femradiel created some Ice Walls around Ryan and then blocked the rain of arrows. As expected, her ice was much more powerful than Ryan's, and none of them could hear the sound of the ice cracking. Ryan sped up to catch up with the dungeon master since the beast was trying to use the environment in his favor. Turning to the sides when a big tree appeared or going down and flying close to the ground when the grass was taller than usual.

In any case, the creature certainly wouldn't escape from him since Ryan was also following the creature with Clairvoyance and making sure that the dungeon master wouldn't leave any surprises behind.

Thanks to the massive number of trees, Ryan couldn't use his bows or crossbows since those obstacles would get in the way and slow down the projectiles. So, he decided to use a more roundabout way to stop his foe. Ryan equipped the Chimeric Crossbow in his left hand and began to fire. As expected, the dungeon master hit behind the trees whenever he heard the trigger being pulled, but that didn't protect him when a massive sphere of ice fell from the sky and smashed the dungeon master in the ground.

While the dungeon master was paying attention to Ryan's crossbow, Ryan created a sphere of ice and then activated Perfect Aim and Deadly Shot. At the same time, they threw up the sphere high in the sky. Before Ryan could catch up with the creature, he noticed the dungeon master getting up. Still, Ryan used his Chimeric Crossbow and hit the creature's legs. The beast grunted in pain and then lost the chance to escape. Upon noticing that escaping wasn't possible, the dungeon master summoned two swords and equipped them. Without wasting time, it dashed toward Ryan, but the creature was stopped when Ryan used the Chimeric Crossbow two times.

"What is this" Ryan frowned. "Is this guy trying to fool me? Why is he so weak?"

The dungeon master didn't look weaker than the other armored crocodiles, but it certainly wasn't much stronger which was weird. How come a dungeon master could control a massive army of monsters when the dungeon master himself wasn't leagues above their minions?

"I think I understand what is going on here" Femradiel said. "As you can see, the armored crocodiles aren't that smart. After all, they decided to become a species that relies on endurance to fight. While that can be annoying to most enemies, you can't win a fight with endurance alone. With a brain of that level, it looks like they choose the creature who stood out most from their species to become the leader his skin has a golden-like tone and that is why he is their king."

"That sounds so stupid" Ryan frowned. "Well, it is not like you can't understand their way of thinking. I am pretty sure some of you humans choose your leaders based on their appearance and charisma instead of competence."

Ryan wanted to deny that, but he couldn't. In some places, people are so tired of politicians that they selected their leaders as a form of protest. Most of the time, those leaders can't even be taken seriously. In any case, that sure was a letdown, but a universe is a vast place, so something like that was bound to happen. Although Ryan didn't drop his guard, he killed the dungeon master without hesitation. That creature wouldn't even make a decent magic weapon.

You obtained 5.632.841 coins.

"I guess this guy here spent a lot of coins to build that fortress," Ryan said and then sighed.

"He indeed did it," Isis said. "I am sorry for interrupting your conversation, but it seems you already defeated the second dungeon master."

"Impeccable timing, just like before," Ryan said.

"This time I decided to check on things now and then since I confirmed earlier that this dungeon master wouldn't be much of a problem," Isis said.

"Earlier? Come to think of it, you can use Telepathy and talk with us, but you couldn't check the dungeon masters before?" Ryan asked.

"Telepathy and Clairvoyance have some limits, as you already know," Isis replied. "Unless someone I know is in a certain place, I can't see how things are in the said place that I had never been before. I only noticed that this dungeon master wouldn't pose much of a threat when you came to this world."

While that seemed a bit weird, it was also logical from Ryan's perspective. That means that Isis will only find anything about the last dungeon master the very moment Ryan uses the last purple crystal. Until the very end, Isis had no intention of helping Ryan with his work. While that was reasonable, Ryan was also expecting some reasonable rewards. Otherwise, he would claim the title of dungeon master of that world. As far as he knew, those armored crocodiles would work pretty well. He was in a dire need of minions that had a high endurance and they could fit in their role more than most tyor of monster he had seen.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1