Chapter 600: Crystal Sword

Chapter 600: Crystal sword

Despite their anger, the dungeon master changed his fighting style in an unexpected way. Instead of firing beams of light, the creature fired Mana Arrows toward Ryan. While he managed to evade those, the stream of arrows was so constant that Ryan was forced to use Flash pretty much at every single moment.

"He isn't foolish enough to let his anger control his actions," Femradiel said. "As expected, this enemy will be hard to kill."

As much as Ryan wanted to deny that, he couldn't. However, Ryan had the resilience of a cockroach so that things wouldn't end that easily. Besides, Ryan already found a way to deal some damage over time on the beast, so he just had to repeat that. However, when his eyes started to glint with that plan, the dungeon master put his left hand above its head. He somehow managed to read what Ryan would do even without using any Mind Reading technique

"Are you going to fight like that?" Ryan asked. "That certainly is a weird fighting posture."

Ryan's taunt didn't work as he had expected, the dungeon master furrowed his eyebrows in annoyance, but the creature didn't do anything aside from that. At least for a while Ryan suddenly saw the left hand of the beast glowing, and he noticed that the beast was doing something. In the end, he didn't even have to see what had happened. The creature moved his left hand away as if the wound wasn't there, to begin with. He repaired the crystal layer that Ryan had destroyed.

"What an idiot" Ryan said.

Ryan made two magic copies of the Hydra's Bow and then enchanted them with his fire and ice enchantment. Before the monster could notice what he had done, he fired. In the end, the crystal of the monster's hands cracked, and a lot of shards began to fall. The beast tried to block both attacks, but that had been the result. After a couple of moments, the monster looked at his wounded hand for quite a while.

"What's wrong?" Ryan asked. "Did you really believe that your monster is a perfect creature or something?"

Ryan bombarded the dungeon master with his enchanted arrows, the monster tried once again to grab both projectiles at the same time, but upon doing so, both arrows exploded, freezing and burning the area around their hands. Although that didn't end with the same result, Ryan and the monster still found some cracks in the monster's crystal-like armor.

While Ryan was getting carried away with his taunts, the dungeon master visibly got more pissed. The creature repaired itself several times, but for some reason, the dungeon master couldn't do that and attack at the same time, probably because he was using a body that wasn't his. He had draconic powers, but at the same time, he didn't have. Ryan considered the idea of pouring even more gasoline into the creature's anger by showing him the true power of a draconic transformation. Still, in the end, he decided not to do it. No one could imagine what might happen if a mad scientist in the body of a rare species of dragon might do if he gets really angry.

That situation continued like that for quite a while. Ryan attacked and shattered the crystal around the monster's body, and then the beast assumed a defensive position while it was repairing the damaged areas. Ryan used those moments to cause even more damage, so things were at a stalemate.

Instead of repairing the crystal layer, after a while and every suddenly, the beast charged toward Ryan, and the gravity field increased in power. A massive wave was formed due to that movement, but Ryan managed to dodge the attack by using Teleport. He appeared behind the creature, but before he could attack, several scales of the monster's body flew toward him at lightning speed. This time Ryan failed at reacting in time, but Femradiel didn't. Several times in a few precious moments, she created several Ice Walls. Dozens of them were shattered to pieces due to the speed and sharpness of the scales, but the last one managed to withstand the attack. In the end, even though he failed at preventing that, Ryan had the nerve to grab the scales and store them in his spatial storage. They might be handy later.

For some reason, the monster didn't try the same attack again, even though its speed was fearsome. Ryan also noticed that the beast didn't try to repair the lost scales at least the now unprotected parts. That was suspicious. Either the monster couldn't repair something that big, or it required some time and concentration to do it.

Ryan pointed his bows at the places that weren't protected by scales anymore, but the dungeon master put his left hand to protect those places. At the same time, the monster attacked Ryan once again with a rain of Mana Arrows.

"Suddenly his actions look all out of place," Ryan muttered.

"He might be trying to fool you into thinking that he is planning something dangerous," Femradiel said. "That way, he will make you hesitate."

Once again, Ryan decided to listen to Femradiel, and while he didn't stop his guard, he didn't stop attacking. That game of one side attacking and the other defending began to repair itself again, but not for long.

Suddenly, Ryan and Femradiel noticed that the dungeon master's presence began to change. While that body didn't grow, the creature suddenly seemed more powerful. Ryan knew that feeling. It was the same when he activated several buffs on himself. The creature decided to go all out. They confirmed that when a massive crystal sword appeared in the monster's right hand.

"Oh, shit a weapon like that looks so cool," Ryan said. "I want one."

"I don't think that it is time for you to be amazed," Femradiel said.

Ryan only noticed that when he fired another pair of arrows and the monster blocked them without much trouble. The weapon didn't tremble either.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1