Chapter 301: Unique Demon

Chapter 301: Unique demon

The hunting speed increased considerably thanks to the magic weapons Ryan created. However, the fact that the demons didn't begin their retreat bothered him just as much as the fact that the bosses were taking their time to show up. Still, in the end, Ryan didn't let those doubts make him hesitate. He slew the monsters as fast as possible.

"When you guys fought against the demons, you saw some of the bosses?" Ryan asked.

"Only one" Lucia replied while showing a look of anger on her face. "It was the demon that captured our allies."

Putting such worries aside, Ryan resumed his task of hunting demons. However, their momentum came to a stop due to some changes in the demon's actions. While they didn't retreat to their dungeon, they stopped exposing themselves in the middle of the day. They started to hide in the shadows of some trees, rocks, and everything that could protect them from sunlight. However, the vast majority began to hide underground.

"They are starting to get on my nerves" Lucia said impatiently. "Much more than before why don't we just hunt them down like before?"

"We can, but our pace will be slower," Ryan replied. "Explain to me how come you managed to survive this far being so impatient? As you can see, humans don't have the advantage in this war, so we can only win by using our heads and being patient."

It looked like Ryan will have to say goodbye to Lucia and her friends much sooner than he had imagined. It was a pity since they really helped him, but in the end, it was unavoidable since they looked like bloodthirsty wolves that couldn't think of anything else aside from their prey.

"Although you feel like we are wasting time, we aren't," Ryan said, pointing toward the end of the dungeon. "You are not blind, so you can see that while the demons stall for time, we are also preparing for the final fight."

"Yeah, but only you are doing something," Lucia sighed and then said while looking at the army of golems Ryan has been raising since they have been taking shelter inside a dungeon. "If we win this fight, we won't be able to feel proud and say that we recovered our country."

"Why? No one is going to stop you from doing that," Ryan said. "I certainly won't claim that I did all the work by myself. In fact, I won't tell anyone that I did anything here."

What would be the point of saying that? Ryan couldn't think of anything that he might gain by revealing to others about his actions, aside from the coins he could obtain from Mark by selling information. Still, he didn't have to give so many details about it.

"You think that we are that low?" Lucia frowned.

"Just be patient. As far as we are concerned, the demons aren't going anywhere," Ryan said. "We still have a little more than a week before the next dungeon break, so we don't have to hurry."

Ryan was also patient because he wanted to level up his Corruption Sense. That skill worked against all types of demons, even though their type of corruption was different from each other. For example, Lilith's corruption could make every man become her loyal minions by using the power of humans' lust. At least that was what Ryan concluded. He couldn't quite pinpoint if Baal used or need a strong emotion like that to make humans his minions. As for the current demons he was facing, based on the things he saw when he tried to heal one of Lucia's friends, Ryan concluded that the demonic general involved used the power of fear or wrath. That scene made Ryan felt fear, but it was the scene of a battlefield, after all.

Regardless, by making Corruption Sense level up, Ryan will be able to find the bosses with more ease before they find him. Still, given the number of demons he killed, he was starting to think that the Demon Hunter's skills were leveling up to slowly.

"I guess the duration of the fight is also important as the strength of the monster" Ryan muttered. "The stronger the monster and the longer the fight lasts, the faster skills and classes can level up."

It was a pretty hardcore system since it meant the users had to put themselves at risk pretty much constantly. Regardless, on the morning of the next day, Ryan counted that he had twenty-five hundred golems under his command. When things get dire, they will help him a lot. Unfortunately, the dungeon was already full, so Ryan will have to slow their summoning speed and hide them underground.

"Since you guys are too impatient, I guess we will have to take some risks today," Ryan declared. "You have more or less enough power to fight the demons, so I will let you fight them as much as you want while I will offer some air support."

"You can fly, but doesn't that consume a lot of mana?" Lucia asked. "You won't be able to attack as much as before."

"It can't be helped," Ryan said and then shrugged. "Since you guys are such bloodthirsty idiots, I have to compromise here."

" Sorry about that," Lucia said. "I guess we are getting carried away with our wish for revenge."

"No need to apologize," Ryan said. "Besides, I am using you guys to confirm something. I am worried that the demons are hiding underground because they want to focus on attention down there while they do something else while flying."

"You do have a point" Lucia nodded. "Now that I think about it, it is weird that they gave up on their advantage like that."

"If you realized that, then perhaps you are not a lost cause," Ryan said. "Anyway, I will use my tracking skills to find the places in which they are hiding. If their numbers are too high in certain places, I will attack first. If the numbers are too small, I will point to their location and leave the rest of the job to you."

Class: Hunter Lv 65 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 241th

Health: 899/899 (3,19/s)

Mana: 1751/1760 (3,19/s)

Stamina: 1431 /1431 (3,19/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 1470 (+1221) (+82)

Speed: 85 (+544) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+513) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+130)

Control: 06 (+564) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 700 (+991) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 4.545.974

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Heroic Archery Lv 16 (+ 04 UP), Awareness Lv 15 (+ 04 UP), Support Lv 01, Night Hunting Lv 12, Hunter Specialization Lv 12, Corruption Sense Lv 12,

Spells: Summon Warg Lv 21, Seal Lv 17 (+ 16 UP), Fire Enchantment Lv 01, Ice Enchantment Lv 01,

Support Skills: Curse Resistance Lv 01,

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 30 (+ 03 UP), Archer Lv 58 (+ 03 UP), Combat Archer Lv 40 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 33 (+ 04 UP), Weapons Master Lv 13 (+ 04 UP), Demon Hunter Lv 12 (+ 11 UP)

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 22 (+ 01 UP),

Race: Centaur

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1