Chapter 307: Ice Golem

Chapter 307: Ice Golem

After Ryan left Peru behind, he crossed Chile from North to South. That country was different from all the countries Ryan knew due to the shape of its territory. Moreover, Ryan only found a single type of monster there. They were the Giant Crabs.

Giant Crab Lv 115

Health: 2.500/2.500

Mana: 600/600

Stamina: 1.500/1.500

Strength: 800

Dexterity: 300

Speed: 150

Intelligence: 400

Endurance: 1000

Control: 250

Mentality: 500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 750

Willpower: 500

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Smash Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 90, Bronze Skin Lv 70

Spells: Water Cannon Lv 50, Water Sphere Lv 50

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 150, Fire Resistance Lv 50, Wind Resistance Lv 30

At first, Ryan ignored them, but once he could summon Furball again and learned that he could increase his stamina by eating them, Ryan decided to take his time, even though he didn't find the dungeon or a single survivor.

"Sorry, buddy, you had a hard time because of me," Ryan patted Furball's head. "Let's work in order for that not to happen again. Anyway, I guess their dungeon is underwater."

Ryan's stock of food was getting empty, so he resumed his old eating habits. While Furball was eating the crabs just fine in their current state, Ryan felt the need to cook then quite a lot. The last thing he needed right now was to have an alien bacterium in his stomach. As expected, their meat was pretty good. Also, by using them as material, the chances of creating frozen arrows increased a lot, so Ryan made sure to make a stock.

"It is starting to get cold we are reaching the extreme south of the American continent, Furball," Ryan said and then slightly trembled. "I don't get along well with the cold. Let's hope you will fare better."

Although Ryan was worried about Furball, he should have felt more worried about himself since the temperature was dropping and he was wearing clothes that made him look like someone who was going shopping. Regardless, Ryan and Furball soon reached the mountain at the extreme south of the American continent because they only found the Giant Crabs on their way, and they were too slow to pursue them in big numbers. Ryan thought that he should have moved a little bit from the coast to find other monsters, but in the end, he was also hoping to find some megalodons and dragons fighting, which he never did. The world was changing again, and Ryan barely found the answers regarding the first changes

Pretty much like the North-East past of his home country, Ryan found the extreme south of the continent to be covered in snow and ice. Things were so cold there that Ryan could only see the white of the snow and the gray of the clouds in the sky in hundreds of kilometers. Eventually, Ryan probably one of the reasons that place was like that.

Ice Golem Lv 125

Health: 3.000/3.000

Mana: 1.200/1.200

Stamina: 1.500/1.500

Strength: 800 (+ 300)

Dexterity: 300

Speed: 200

Intelligence: 200

Endurance: 1600 (+ 400)

Control: 200

Mentality: 500 (+ 400)

Luck: 100

Recovery: 800 (+ 400)

Willpower: 500      (+ 400)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Freezing Touch Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills: Ice Layer Lv 110, Bronze Skin Lv 90

Spells: Water Ice Punch Lv 60, Ice Arrow Lv 60

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 250, Fire Resistance Lv 50, Earth Resistance Lv 80

"The monsters' levels are increasing too fast" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I don't like this then again, this might be a coincidence since anyone sane wouldn't live in this mountainous region where the wind alone can freeze my balls so easily. Regardless, the dungeon that is spawning those creatures already broke three-time and is closer to experiencing a fourth dungeon break. Can I stop this before it is too late?"

Ryan fired his bolts and made the golem break into several pieces. In the end, he had to use more mana than he recovered by defeating the monsters that job will be tough.

After doing some basic math, and adding his experience while killing ice golems, Ryan concluded that the total damage caused was calculated by his dexterity minus the enemies' endurance. Although he imagined that was the case a long time ago, only now he had the chance to prove that theory since his crossbow's effect was useless against them. Eventually, Ryan also learned that Furball could increase his mentality by eating their cores which was weird since the other golems' cores increased his endurance

"Finding the dungeon in this place will be a pain in the ass. Clearing the dungeon in just five days is definitely impossible," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Whatever it is not like I need to rush and make a mess out of the things because I am in a race against time. Let's take our time and build our strength, Furball."

Furball barked as if he was saying that he agreed with Ryan's idea. Given that Ryan was expending more mana than usual, then taking his time was definitely the right answer. After all, Icebound will be able to level up faster that way.

Ryan and Furball began to head south while defeating all the golems on the way, but while they were in the middle of a fight, suddenly, Ryan felt a shiver ran down on his back. His life was in danger he used Flash to escape whatever was going to happen, but in the end, nothing happened. That shiver had been too intense to be caused by the cold wind.

"Am I imagining things here?" Ryan frowned while looking around and finding nothing in the distance.

Ryan's instincts had gotten better in those four months, so he couldn't believe that was just his imagination. He definitely felt something like the death glare of a monster. Ryan, Furball, and the monsters being spawned by the golems' dungeons weren't the only ones that were in those mountains Ryan was certain of it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1