Chapter 306: New Class

Chapter 306: New Class

After flying for a while, Ryan finally found the demon's dungeon. For some odd reason, even though Ryan killed the last boss's body, the demons weren't acting in any different way. If he were Mephisto, he would control the demons and lay an ambush, but the demons were just spawning, leaving the dungeon and flying in random directions.

"He probably can't control or take over the body of weak demons," Ryan concluded. "Even if he can, the strength that he will be able to show will be pathetic. I guess he decided to leave me alone for the time being."

Ryan confirmed that theory when he entered the dungeon. The demons didn't pose a threat, and he didn't find a single boss either. That was good, but once again, Ryan didn't feel like celebrating.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Crusader, Ranger, and Shaman.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"To think that this would be a tier-three dungeon I never considered the idea," Ryan muttered. "Does that mean that Mephisto is stronger than Baal and Lilith? Or is there some other factor that defines the level of a dungeon?"

That was one of those questions in which Ryan had no hope of finding answers by himself. The only way was to get the power to become a dungeon master.

"Maybe I should delay my plans of exploration and clear the slimes dungeons or some other dungeon to obtain that power," Ryan said. "I can't keep neglecting this feature of the system any longer. There is no point in checking the situation on other continents if, in the end, America perishes anyway."

Regardless, Ryan didn't even have to think a lot to make his decision. While he was interested in the Shaman class, his interest was powerful enough to make him change his main path of pursuing absolute power with bows and crossbows.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Ranger!

You obtained the following skills: Firing Posture, Ranger's Awakening, and Crazy Shot.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Firing Posture.

Effect: It increases your firing speed by sacrificing your mobility. While not moving, your firing speed increases by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ranger's Awakening.

Effect: It increases your dexterity and speed by ten points per level.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Crazy Shot.

Effect: You can fire several magic arrows in an arc that pierces several enemies. You can fire five arrows, and the number of arrows increases by one every five levels.

Cost: 30 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Those were some impressive skills. While all of them would be very useful, Ryan was much more interested in the Firing Posture. How amazing would it be if one day his attack speed duplicated? He would be able to decimate hordes of demons without moving a single centimeter that was exactly the kind of power he wanted.

"I wish I had that kind of power earlier" Ryan sighed and then shook his head. "This isn't good. I can't let this melancholy keep bothering me forever."

If someone had asked Ryan if he would feel bothered if some people died close to him a few days ago, he would say no. Still, to know that he was wrong made Ryan understand several things. He didn't hate humans as a whole, he wanted to stay alone, but it didn't look like he was destined to be a cold-hearted person.

Given that time was of the essence, Ryan bought potions for a while until he filled the last part of the dungeon with golems. His summoned monsters had reached an impressive level in the last few days, so Ryan knew they would be able to last for a while As long as they use only Stone Bullets, that was the order he gave to them.

After that, Ryan only spent a few minutes checking the dungeon shop to see if anything interesting had appeared, but that didn't, so Ryan hurried to follow his path toward South.

Thanks to the demons, Ryan didn't find many monsters on his way. Not that he wanted to waste time dealing with small fries, Furball wasn't with him for now, so there was no reason for Ryan to take his time while moving.

"That being said, I will have to focus on increasing his defenses," Ryan muttered. "I thought he had grown quite a lot, but in the end, his body was completely annihilated by a single attack."

It couldn't be helped given the monster Ryan fought against, but such an excuse couldn't be used forever since Ryan was planning to fight those motherfuckers several times in the future.

In any case, just like Ryan found a few monsters, he didn't find a single dungeon on his path. His main goal was to look for a high concentration of monsters after all. And in the same way, he didn't find any dungeon. He didn't find any sign of a single group of survivors. The chances that Lucia and her friends were the last ones to die was increasing, but in the end, Ryan decided not to give up on hope. Thinking that humans were still dying and nearly facing extinction was something that he couldn't accept so easily.

"I can't carry that burden alone, but I guess to avoid that, I need to train harder," Ryan said. "Come to think of it. I can't hope to preserve the human race if I am the only one alive. I should better find a way to make sure that some couples will survive this madness in order to procreate and then repopulate Earth why the hell I am thinking about this..."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1