Chapter 304: Mephisto

Chapter 304: Mephisto

"What is wrong, Ryan?" Lucia asked. "Attack, your golems mana won't last forever."

"I will attack. You don't have to worry," Ryan said and then showed his crossbow charging Power Shot. "Still, I can't say I am going to hit any demon aside from that one."

Lucia looked at the place Ryan was pointing and saw a magma demon nonchalantly watching their allies being killed. It was hard to tell since they all looked pretty much the same, but Lucia had the impression that the demon was the one who captured her friends.

"Don't try anything," Ryan said. "He is out of your reach. Just focus on what you can do."

That was easier said than done. Just recalling the last time she saw her friends made Lucia bit her lips until they start to bleed. It looked like that frustration would never leave her alone. Regardless, unlike Ryan, Lucia and the others couldn't recover a lot of mana by killing monsters, so she had to focus on using potions. She couldn't concern herself with such a creature right now.

Ryan used Appraisal on that monster, but he didn't find anything weird with the creature. It was just another ordinary magma demon, and yet, Ryan couldn't shake the feeling that the monster was up to no good.

"I guess I will kill it before dealing with the others" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Letting this one alive for long might cause some issues"

When Ryan aimed his crossbow at the monster, suddenly, a light coming from South hit the creature. Something bad happened Ryan prepared to pull the trigger, but he stopped when he saw the monster's new status.

Magma Demon (Mephisto)

Health: 12.900 (+ 100.000)

Mana: 7.500(+ 100.000)

Stamina: 9.000(+ 100.000)

Strength: 1200 (+10.360)

Dexterity: 900 (+5.200)

Speed: 900 (+5.300)

Intelligence: 1000 (+5.260)

Endurance: 1000 (+10.400)

Control: 500 (+5.100)

Mentality: 900 (+10.300)

Luck: 500 (+5.200)

Recovery: 1500 (+10.400)

Willpower: 900 (+10.300)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Poisonous Catastrophe Lv 250, Ice Meteor Lv 250

Support Skills:

Ryan bit his lips in annoyance those were some crazy status. As if it wasn't enough, the name on the side of the demon's species bothered Ryan quite a lot. Mephisto it was another name of a famous demon. One of the generals of the demon's army finally decided to show up on Earth. Although it looked like he had some restrictions and his health decreased every moment, Ryan knew that he couldn't win. It looked like whenever he started to build his confidence, something as troublesome as that always happens

"Run," Ryan said.

"What?" Lucia asked.

"We can't win against that thing," Ryan said. "If you don't run now, you and your friends will die. One of the generals of the demon's army has come. Even under several restrictions, we can't defeat him."

Lucia didn't want to accept, but even before she could use Appraisal, she saw the demon creating a massive green sphere above itself. That level of attack was insane something beyond the power of humans. Not only that, the demon was willing to sacrifice even its minions to kill them.

"Run!" Lucia shouted to her friends.

On Furball's back, Ryan gave the order for his golems to retreat. Even thousands of them couldn't kill that demon, but there was something else they could do. Ryan tried to keep charging his Power Shot in hopes of making that massive sphere evaporate, but the energy the demon could use was beyond Ryan's current capabilities. Stopping the attack was definitely impossible

Before Ryan could even think of any other plan, the demon threw the massive sphere of poisonous liquid. Ryan gave the order for his golems to form a barricade to protect them, but as if they were made of sand, the monsters dissolved when they came in contact with that. Ryan's head froze, but he still reacted on time to put himself between the sphere, Furball, and the others. He tried to block the attack with his shield, but the sheer power of the attack sent him flying backward.

While Ryan was trying to recover from the attack and was spinning, he felt his legs burning, and then an excruciating pain passed through all his body. The liquid had hit his legs, but at least Ryan protected his upper body with his shield. He also had to keep using Repair to prevents its total destruction.

When Ryan finally recovered control over his body, his body froze with the shock. Everything around him had been completely destroyed. No everything just vanished into the air when they got hit by the poison. The point had eaten a good part of Ryan's legs, but he wasn't even bleeding. The grass, the trees everything that life had vanished. Ryan didn't even find a single trace of Furball, Lucia, and the others.

"No" Ryan muttered in shock.

The demons had disappeared as well, and in a range of several kilometers, one could only find the body that Mephisto had taken over and Ryan. He didn't even know what to think and say. Ryan only expected Mephisto to say something as if that was the normal thing to do, but in the end, the demon didn't think that Ryan was worth hearing his voice. The demon only raised its arms again and prepared another Poisonous Catastrophe. Ryan only woke up from his stupor when a wave of dizziness almost made him collapse. His stamina was almost empty, but his Power Shot still was ready to be used.

Without thinking too much about it, Ryan pointed his weapon at the demon and fired. He had come there to slay all the demons in the area, and he would do that or die trying. Ryan failed in protecting the allies that helped him, but his goals didn't change.

"I won't be able to free your country from the hands of demons," Ryan muttered. "But at the very least, I will prevent them from dirtying and corrupting your homeland even further, Lucia."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1