Chapter 309: Ice Dragon

Chapter 309: Ice Dragon

After five days of hunting non-stop the golems, Ryan finally felt the whole Earth trembling. The fourth dungeon breaks have finally started However, even after a full day, he didn't find a massive concentration of golems that could help him find the dungeon. Moreover, the number of encounters didn't increase either.

"Something smells fishy here" Ryan frowned.

While advancing through the continent at a decent speed wasn't so bad, Ryan couldn't help but worry about the lack of monsters. Maybe the golems were fighting against other monster species, even though Ryan never found a single sign of other species. Perhaps some humans were hunting them, but to stay in that stupidly cold area for long, they would have to be even more insane than Ryan. There was no food around, and they certainly couldn't eat golems. Ryan stored some fried crab meat inside his ring, but the stock was quickly approaching its bottom.

"It is also weird that a dungeon appeared at this godforsaken plane," Ryan muttered. "I can't see any advantage at making monsters spawn here since there are only a few villages here and there. Maybe the dungeon master wanted to create a massive army of ice golems, but they would level up a lot faster by fighting against other creatures"

Regardless, even though something was off, it doesn't matter what that was. Ryan's goal didn't change, and he would exterminate as many monsters as possible while he looks for the damn dungeon.

As if the dungeon master had planned to annoy Ryan by doing that, he had located the dungeon in a cliff in the most southern part of the continent. Ryan couldn't even keep going south because there was only the sea from that point onward. After clearing the dungeon, Ryan will have to head East.

"Well, let's look on the bright side, Furball," Ryan shrugged. "Our Cold Resistance increased quite a lot in the last few days."

Although Ryan looked pretty relaxed, something was bothering him it was the fact that the number of golems around the dungeon was stupidly low. He didn't find any sign of survivors' camp in hundreds of kilometers, nor could he see one in front of the dungeon. So, it didn't make sense that the situation looked so favorable to him. Still, there was only one thing Ryan could do: keep moving forward while preparing for a fight.

Ryan and Furball headed toward the dungeon with their guard raised. They were ready to fight. In fact, if a fight doesn't occur, they would feel disappointed. Some ice golems were leaving the dungeon now and then, so Ryan concluded that the place was empty. However, suddenly, the area began to tremble for an instant. Ryan imagined that the fifth dungeon break decided to happen many weeks ahead of schedule. However, Ryan could tell that the earthquake wasn't happening all over the world.

From the bottom of the sea, a creature emerged and looked directly at Ryan as expected. Something big stayed close to the dungeon and killed all the golems that spawned in the last four months. That creature was an ice dragon the creature's body was completely covered in a thick layer of ice. Despite that, the monster flew upward at a speed that made even Ryan feel impressed. Eventually, the light-blue monster began to fly around the area while studying Ryan. He could tell that dragon was like Orgar. It had the same level of power and intelligence defeating that will be hard.

Femradiel (Ice Dragon)  Lv 200

Health: 105.000

Mana: 150.000

Stamina: 80.000

Strength: 5000

Dexterity: 7000

Speed: 4000

Intelligence: 10000

Endurance: 4000

Control: 6000

Mentality: 5000

Luck: 1000

Recovery: 10000

Willpower: 3500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:  Freezing Touch Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Enhancement Lv 150, Frost Armor Lv 200

Spells: Niffelheim Lv 200, Absolute Zero Lv 150, Ice Spear Lv 100

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 300, Wind Resistance Lv 150, Electric Resistance Lv 100

"It looks like you are going to eat some ice cream today, Furball," Ryan said. "But it will taste like dragon's meat."

"HHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!"

Before Furball could bark, the dragon screamed, and Ryan was forced to cover his ears. That was one heck of a voice power in any case, the dragon understood what Ryan said and apparently, didn't like it. Regardless, the creature was messing around too much. Ryan was charging one heck of a Power Shot, and he was determined to destroy at least one side of the dragon with it.

Suddenly, Ryan felt the area beneath his knees getting colder. Somehow, Ryan reacted on time to jump, and Furball did the same. Half a second later, the entire area around the dungeon had been freezing. The dragon's mana decreased a little, so Ryan recognized the spell's power: Absolute Zero. That could have frozen his legs instantly, and Ryan would be forced to say goodbye to them if he hadn't reacted fast enough.

Ryan wanted to charge his attack for a while longer, but it wasn't a good idea to let such a monster keep attacking at a safe distance. So, he activated Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim. The monster noticed that Ryan had done something troublesome, but it reacted too slowly. Ryan fired his bolt, and much to his surprise, the dragon, attacked his projectile with dozens of Ice Spears. In the end, the creature still got hit, but his spells decreased the power of the bolt a lot.

"Annoying monster" Ryan said and then made use of the Firing Posture.

While the monster was still suffering the effects of Power Shot, Ryan made dozens of bolts of rain all over the monster's body. Thanks to the dragon's endurance, his bolts didn't cause much damage, even the poison was causing too little damage, but the crossbow's stacking effect was slowly but certainly becoming stronger. When the monster noticed what Ryan was planning, the creature flew toward him Ryan couldn't help but smirk at the dumb monster.

"Stupid over-sized lizard" Ryan muttered under his breath while biting his lips.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1