Chapter 302: Magma Demon

Chapter 302: Magma Demon

As soon as Ryan and the others reached the area where he could sense some demons, Ryan began to fly in the sky. However, before he could pinpoint the demons' location to Lucia and the others, something unexpected happens. Hundreds no, thousands of demons left their hideout underground. At the same time, many more demons appeared in the distance, flying toward them.

"I knew it was a trap" Ryan said and then sighed. "RETREAT!"

Lucia and her friends immediately understood that they had fallen into a trap, but they only woke up from the shock when Ryan shouted and began to attack the demons. While retreating, they began to attack the demons, but their accuracy wasn't that good while they run.

"Furball, go help them," Ryan said. "Stop any demon that gets too close to them."

Furball's status was high enough to face the night demons in a solo fight. While killing them was something he could only do after several seconds of the fight, he could immobilize them with ease.

This time some demons focused on Lucia's group, but the vast majority still flew toward Ryan. While that was a bit worrisome, Ryan had already planned for that kind of situation. His golems were on his way for the final fight, and Ryan also had some countermeasures with him.

Using Telekinesis, Ryan fired his explosive arrows toward the demons, and the explosions slowed down hundreds of demons while dozens of them died in the blink of an eye. It was a pity Ryan could only obtain a few of those arrows everyday

You obtained 125 coins.

You obtained 125 coins.

You obtained 125 coins.

Since he couldn't use those arrows forever, Ryan started to attack using his crossbow. However, the number of monsters wasn't decreasing even though dozens of them were dying every minute. Ryan had to increase his attack speed even further. Fortunately, he did have the right skill for that, even better, against so many enemies, he didn't have to aim only pull the trigger was enough.

Ryan activated Rapid Shot, and his firing speed increased five times. The consumption of mana skyrocketed, but his killing speed also improved drastically. At that pace, they would reach the golem's army as if Ryan had raised his own death flag, he felt a shiver, and when he turned around, Ryan saw hundreds of massive Magma Spheres heading toward him. He used Flash several times to escape them, but the heat caused by those melted even the demons that were just a bit close to the attacks. Ryan also felt the heat and clenched his teeth in annoyance while his health decreased. After using Heal a single time, he recovered and then saw those creatures in the distance

Magma Demon Lv 165

Health: 12.000 /12.000

Mana: 7.500/7.500

Stamina: 9.000/9.000

Strength: 1200 (+360)

Dexterity: 900 (+200)

Speed: 900 (+300)

Intelligence: 1000 (+260)

Endurance: 1000 (+400)

Control: 500 (+100)

Mentality: 900 (+300)

Luck: 500 (+200)

Recovery: 1500 (+400)

Willpower: 900 (+300)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Fiery Aura Lv 120

Spells: Magma Sphere Lv 150, Magma Charge Lv 120, Explosive Impact Lv 80

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 250, Shock Resistance Lv 100, Cold Resistance Lv 50, Earth Resistance Lv 100

"What the hell" Ryan opened his eyes widely when he saw those statuses. "Why is their level so high?"

There was no mistaking. Those Magma Demons were the bosses that the dungeon of that region was spawning. Although it was weird that they didn't have proper names and were mob monsters, that was something Ryan could worry about later. Those creatures were too strong, and Ryan could see more than two hundred of them flying toward him while firing Magma Spheres.

"Pick up the pace!" Ryan shouted again.

"What is happening?" Lucia asked.

"The bosses finally showed up, and I believe we are not ready to face them," Ryan said.

"All of them?" Lucia asked in shock.

Ryan nodded, and Lucia's face lost all her color. She recalled how much they struggled against a single boss and still lost. In the end, some of their allies had to stay behind to stall for time, only to become puppets of the demons. Retreating again and again she felt so pathetic that she even considered a suicidal charge. Dying while killing many of the demons seemed much better than keep running forever.

Although Ryan said to run, Lucia and the others couldn't get out-speed the magma demons. It was only a matter of time before they get caught Ryan definitely wouldn't stay behind and sacrifice himself for them, but he didn't give up yet. He still had some ideas on his head.

To slow down the magma demons, Ryan grabbed his shield and put it in front of him while he killed the night demons with his crossbow. Each Magma Sphere that hit his shield made the weapon lose a lot of durability, but at the same time, the magma demons suffered some damage thanks to the effect of the shield. He managed to slow them down, but it was only a matter of time before his shield breaks. Without any other choice, Ryan jumped on Furball's back. Flying, using Telekinesis to move his shield, attack, and use potions at the same time was too much for him. So, he decided to decrease his workload.

"Sorry, buddy," Ryan said. "You will have to help me with this."

Furball barked, and then Ryan began to use his mana to repair his shield. Now that he wasn't flying anymore, the Magma Spheres' accuracy increased a lot. Thanks to it, even though Ryan blocked most of them and the others passed at a certain distance, Lucia and the others began to suffer some damage.

"Damn, how can their attack be this hot?" Lucia asked while clenching her teeth.

Ryan was doing his best to block the attacks and use his crossbow at the same time. However, he still couldn't see them survive that situation he would need to do something more

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1