Chapter 305: Black Steel Armor

Chapter 305: Black Steel Armor

When Ryan fired his bolt, Mephisto tried to block the projectile with a single hand, but in the end, the demon underestimated Ryan's power. The creature lost one arm and also control over the spell. Even though it wasn't his real body, the demon looked annoyed at the wounds on his body. Meanwhile, Ryan was preparing another attack the look in his eyes annoyed the demon even more. Ryan had the look of someone who was disappointed by a failure, but at the same time, he looked it wouldn't happen again as if he was sure that he could defeat the demon.

"You would better hurry up," Ryan said with a cold glint on his eyes. "I won't feel much satisfaction defeating you right now, and that feeling will be even more annoying if you die because this body can't withstand your power."

In just a few moments, Ryan understood that Mephisto had sacrificed a lot to appear on Earth with that body. Not only was he losing a lot of health over time, but he also could only use two spells. Another thing that Ryan didn't know was that he couldn't move. Mephisto felt like he was deep in the ocean, unable to go back to the surface and recover its energy. Being analyzed by such an inferior lifeform so accurately annoyed him even more, but not to the point where he would express his anger to a worm.

Mephisto raised its remaining arm, and then a few moments later, an Ice Meteor appeared out of nowhere and fell toward Ryan. However, Ryan appeared several meters away from the point of impact. Still charging his Power Shot.

"Pass this message to the others pieces of shit like you," Ryan said. "You will have to try harder to kill me, and as long as I am here, your plans will never work."

Mephisto didn't have that much mana available, but he still decided to make meteors rain down over Ryan. This time, he decided to annoy the demon a bit as well. He had to share his frustration. So, he didn't move an inch and destroyed the single meteor that was about to crush him by using Power of Money alone. The shards still fell on him like some small blocks of ice, but overall, Ryan suffered no damage. Mephisto bit his lips in annoyance.

"That is what I wanted to see," Ryan smirked. "Show me more what you can do. Oh, wait you can only use those two spells. How disappointing."

"I will make you regret those words, worm," Mephisto finally opened its mouth. "Death won't be granted to you; you will be tormented for all eternity."

"Yeah, yeah, you guys always say the same thing," Ryan said. "Clear the hellhole in which you guys came from doesn't stimulate your brain and develop your creativity."

Mephisto tried to crush Ryan several more times with Ice Meteor, but just to annoy the demon, Ryan destroyed them all with Power of Money. When his health was finally at the third percent of its max, Ryan decided to finish him.

"I will be looking forward to that day. I will make you eat the dirt beneath my shoes," Ryan said. "Wait patiently until then. Remember, the earth isn't a place where monsters have the right to live."

Before Mephisto could say anything, Ryan fired his bolt. The monster exploded in hundreds of pieces since the body couldn't withstand the demons' power any longer. In the end, Ryan managed to escape from the monster's attack by himself, but he didn't feel like he had won.

You obtained 5.521.362 coins.

The demon gave so many coins to Ryan, and even a full-plate armor was dropped by it. The coins were probably the result of the demon-killing his allies as well as Lucia and the others. Ryan approached the dark armor with many spikes for some reason, but he didn't feel like picking it. At least for now Furball could be resurrected, but not Lucia and the others. Ryan considered that they might die. He even said to himself if that happens, it wouldn't be his problem or his business. He tried to stop them. He even lost his legs trying to protect them, and yet Ryan felt something inside him bothering him.

"I thought that by taunting that asshole, I would feel better I was wrong," Ryan looked up to the sky and then sighed. "I can't say I liked them, I can't say they liked me either but they fought alongside me, they had the same goal while fighting."

What was done was done. Ryan did his best, and that had been the outcome. He wasn't strong enough to fight while protecting others against a monster such as Mephisto, so that was the result. Ryan decided to engrave that result and his memory and use that to keep fighting alone the feeling that he had in his chest was too annoying, and he didn't want to experience it again.

Black Steel Armor

Effect: Decreases the attack caused by demons and corrupted creatures by ten percent. Health + 100, Endurance + 50

Durability: 200/200

Ryan had no idea for how long that feeling would bother him. However, he didn't want to forget it either. Ryan couldn't allow himself to forget that result, so Ryan promised himself that he would keep using that armor until the day he can't repair it anymore. It would serve as a sign to remember him of that day forever. Until the day his life comes to an end.

"I still need to seal the dungeon at least partially," Ryan muttered. "Even if I fill the entire place with golems, it is only a matter of time before the bosses completely annihilate them. Well, I will find a solution for this eventually."

Ryan equipped his black armor and headed toward the dungeon, hoping that he would be able to keep his head cool until the very end. Otherwise, that frustration will make him use the purple crystal and challenge Mephisto, even though he didn't have the means to defeat him yet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1