Chapter 303: Shock

Chapter 303: Shock

Ryan couldn't see many things that he could do to change the tide of the battle only one, but it was something very reckless. In the end, Ryan made his mind. He put his crossbow away and focused on blocking the Magma Spheres, but when his shield got bit by them, Ryan concentrated on the heat of their attacks to obtain control over the magic projectile. A lot of men were consumed to do that, but in the end, Ryan managed to do it. However, it wasn't enough.

"I guess this is the power of elemental manipulations and transformations" Ryan said while he watched a Magma Sphere as big as him floating around them, and despite that, the attack wasn't emitting heat. "Let's see if I can do more than this"

Ryan ignored most of the projectiles, but those that hit his shield right in the middle, he made sure to use his magic on them to obtain control over it. Ryan's stock of mana potions was quickly decreasing, but in the end, by mixing several Magma Spheres, he now had control over a Magma Sphere that was the size of a dragon.

"What the hell" Lucia opened her eyes widely. "How did you"

"No time to explain," Rya said. "Prepare to fight because the magma demons are getting closer, and this won't stop them."

It was only obvious that magma demons wouldn't be stopped by magma. Regardless, Lucia and the others prepared themselves while Ryan was concentrating. Thousands of demons were flying toward them, so he had to, at the very least, get rid of all small fries. Unfortunately, he couldn't do that. Controlling something that big required a lot of focus and mana, so Ryan would have to improvise.

In the end, Ryan just fired the massive Magma Sphere toward the night demons. However, the attack was slow, and they could dodge it. That was within Ryan's expectations. So, he fired a Power Shot and made the Magma Sphere explode. The attack immediately melted hundreds of night demons, while others screamed in agony when small amounts of magma ate away their flesh. Although Ryan caused a lot of pain, he only felt refreshed while seeing the demons in pain.

You obtained 125 coins.

You obtained 125 coins.

You obtained 125 coins.

Things could have been better, but Ryan felt satisfied in killing half of the night demons and deeply wounding the vast majority of those who survived. However, the real thing would start now, with the Magma Demons. Fortunately, the cavalry has finally arrived Ryan's golems already could be seen, and they were heading toward him while destroying everything on their way.

"Pay attention!" Ryan said. "I will freeze some of them, and then we will attack those fuckers at the same time. Try not to miss it."

"Shouldn't you wait for your golems?" Lucia asked visibly confused.

"No, they are only good at taking damage," Ryan said. "Besides, they take too much space. They have some long-ranged attacks, but I would rather not to use them right now."

Ryan fired his frozen arrows with Telekinesis, and the demons tried to punch them. They succeeded, but at the same time, a good part of their bodies froze. As expected, freeze them entirely was impossible.

"Now!" Ryan shouted and made his poisoned bolts rain over the semi-frozen demons. Lucia and her friends also fired with their magic hand cannons. Thanks to the massive number of attacks, three magma demons fell. While Lucian and the others celebrated, Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

You obtained 11.523 coins.

You obtained 10.333 coins.

You obtained 11.741 coins.

"Only three I used several frozen arrows, but only three died," Ryan muttered. "This is not good."

Suddenly a demon got too close, and then its body began to emit orange light. In the blink of an eye, the demon crossed hundreds of meters and almost grabbed Ryan's neck. Somehow, he reacted on time and knocked down the monster with his shield.

"I guess this is the Fiery Charge" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows at that fearsome speed. "Wait let's see if I can use this."

Ryan pierced the demon's limbs with several bolts, and when the creatures' health was about to get empty, he used Telekinesis to bring the monster close enough. In the blink of an eye, Ryan created an earth arrow, transformed it into steel, and then sealed the monsters' soul inside of the arrow,

Chaotic Magma Arrow

Effect: Causes a chain reaction when it hits the target, making several explosions happen in a certain range around the target. The damage will be equal to your dexterity + intelligence multiplied by ten.

It was a problem that the arrow had the fire attribute, but in the end, Ryan already expected that. While he was firing his poisoned bolts with the crossbows on his left hand, Ryan concentrated all his strength on his left arm, which was holding the arrow. In the last second, he activated several buffs before ultimately throwing the arrow toward a cluster of magma demons.

When the explosion happened, Ryan and Furball almost fell to the ground. The shockwave killed several bosses and made spin in the air many others. The small explosions that happened afterward prevented the demons from getting closer. While they hesitated or approached by following a roundabout way, Ryan and the others finally reached the golems.

"Attack with all you got!" Ryan shouted.

Ryan didn't need to shout commands to his golems, but they also obeyed his orders. Lucia and the others began to attack, and the Magma Demons that were trying to approach got hit by hundreds of magic projectiles. Ryan also increased the output of his attacks by using Rapid Shot again. However, he soon stopped because something caught his attention. A single Magma Demon was flying above the others, and it wasn't trying to attack Ryan in any way. That was just too suspicious Ryan didn't like that, so he began to think about what he should do.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1