Chapter 318: Improvising

Chapter 318: Improvising

In the end, Ryan decided to study that country for a while to see if there were some reason as to why a single dungeon master spawned several dungeons in such a small country. Still, he decided to talk with Mark about the things that he heard.

"That is the summary of the things," Ryan said after giving his report. "Although I think most of it makes sense, I wouldn't go as far as blindly believing in the words of a dragon."

"I see. I will try to talk with Alissa and Orgar about this and ask their opinions," Mark said. "Regardless now you have a dragon inside of you as well, huh."

"You talk as if I had decided to let a parasite enter my body," Ryan frowned.

"Shall I ask Alissa and Orgar about this matter?" Mark asked.

"No I will find a solution on my own," Ryan replied and then ended the call.

Ryan sighed, and then he started to wonder as to why Alissa and Orgar didn't try to exterminate all the monsters of a foreign world. Certainly, it would take some time and effort, but she had the skills to make something like that easier. Still, knowing her, it wasn't surprising that she would avoid such a tedious job.

Soon afterward, Ryan began to fly over Uruguay, trying to see anything weird. After studying the areas where the monsters were more concentrated, Ryan found four dungeons, and as expected, all of them were spawning Iron Scorpions. However, aside from that, Ryan didn't find anything weird no, he noticed just a single thing that seemed suspicious. Even though the monsters never fought, their level increased the next day. To confirm that Ryan didn't just imagine things, he hunts them down for another day and waits for the change to happen. Just as he had expected, they leveled up the next day as well.

"Orgar said that monsters could level up by absorbing the mana from the environment, but this speed is too weird" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"If you get close to the dungeon, I might confirm something. My guess is that dungeons make the areas around them similar to the planets of the dungeon masters. The dungeons probably do that using mana, so even if the monsters don't do anything, they probably emit some of their mana and enact change to the environment while the effect of the monsters of a single dungeon might be weak, if you put several of them around the same area, the effect will multiply and thus affect all the monsters, even if they are from different dungeons."

Ryan frowned when he heard that. For an oversized lizard, Femradiel sure was quick to come up with some hypothesis that seemed pretty accurate or maybe Ryan was just too dumb. He was the type who would rather choose to fight against a horde of monsters without thinking too much about it, instead of fighting a few troublesome ones, after all.

Still, Ryan didn't even have to approach the dungeons to see that the Femradiel hypothesis was correct. Although only four months had passed since the monster's arrival, Ryan couldn't see a single sign of asphalt or of the roads of that country. The tall grass had engulfed everything that was shorter than one meter in length.

"So, my guess was right at this rate, the leveling up the speed of those monsters will only increase since more of them keep spawning and then also emit more mana because they obtain more mana when they level up. It is impressive. A dungeon master found a way to reach the level max of the dungeon as fast as possible without having to fight against other monsters."

"Stop reading my mind, unless you want to become my enemy again," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"It is not fair if only me share some intel. You don't speak often, so I have to read your mind to learn more about this world. However, if you sign a small clause, you can make sure that I won't be able to read your mind."

"I won't sign anything. You can look for other idiots to scam," Ryan said.

"I am starting to wonder how come Orgar never tried to eat you alive he doesn't seem a very patient dragon."

Putting such matters aside Ryan didn't want to spend too much time in that country just to obtain the chance to get some tier two classes. Unfortunately, he couldn't leave the dungeons alone either. That would be too favorable for the monsters. The country was becoming more and more like their planets, after all.

"I guess it is time to use my battle machines," Ryan nodded to himself.

Battle Machine Lv 13

Health: --

Mana: 340/340

Stamina: --

Mana Bullet: Causes sixty-five points of damage upon contact.

Cost: 05 mana

Range: 80 meters

Recovery: 1300

Durability: 60/60

Although disappointed Ryan that some machines' status increased a lot, such as the damage while others increased too little like recovery, it was enough for the time being. Besides, the skill will level up the more he uses it in combat.

"That is quite a boring way to solve this problem without overexposing yourself. I have some alternatives."

"Keep your contracts and clauses to yourself," Ryan said.

It was getting dark, and it was the perfect moment for a surprise attack. Even better that night, the moon was out, so the chances of the monsters finding the battle machines while they fly around were quite low. Even if they find them, what could the scorpions do? Their ranged attacks were passed on poison, and poison couldn't work in inorganic foes.

Still, before using them with Telekinesis, Ryan had to see how many of them he could make it fly at the same time. While he could make objects that weigh eight pounds fly while spending only one point of mana per second, it doesn't mean that he can control forty objects that weigh only two pounds.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1