Chapter 312: New Class

Chapter 312: New Class

It was a pity after all that struggle, but Ryan decided not to complain about it. In the end, he managed to protect Furball, even though he left him behind in a prison of ice.

"Sorry, buddy," Ryan said after he freed his partner.

Fortunately, due to all the time they spent in that area, their Cold Resistance was high, so Furball didn't suffer a lot. Regardless, it was time to move on since Ryan felt like he wasted his time there. Since that was annoying, it was better to hurry up and leave. Still, before anything, they had to check the dungeon.

Just like the dire wolves' dungeon, the dungeon was like an ice cave. It was so slippery that Ryan decided to cross while floating by using Telekinesis. For some reason, Furball could walk inside the dungeon just fine.

Aside from the occasional ice golems, Ryan and Furball only found the boss at the end of the dungeon it was another ice golem who was ten times stronger than the ordinary monsters. However, since its intelligence was at the level of slimes, the fight ended quite easily and very anticlimactically.

"A tier two dungeon, huh," Ryan muttered. "I should have known"

Ryan still believed that someone made that dungeon appear at such a weird place for a reason and that someone was beyond the purple crystal. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't check that individual, so he just left the purple crystal alone. Once he finishes his travels around the continent, he might find them when he becomes a dungeon master

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Champion, Bard, and Whitesmith.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two new classes that I already saw before. While Bard is supposed to be the best option considering my build, I already have that class," Ryan frowned while he checked his options. "I guess I will pick Whitesmith. The stock of iron ores is growing bigger with each day, and I don't know what to do with them. But wait is Whitesmith a magic class?"

Usually, the third option was always a magic class but Ryan couldn't help but think that something was off. In any case, he chose that class anyway.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Whitesmith!

You obtained the following skills: Battle Machine, Dungeon Shop, and Improved Creation.

Your mana and intelligence will increase by four points, your stamina, health, recovery, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Battle Machine.

Effect: It grants you the chance to create a small turret that fires Mana Bullets. By leveling up this skill, you can increase its damage output, energy storage, and range of attack.

Cost: 50 mana and 10 iron ores

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Dungeon Shop.

Effect: It grants you the power to open the last dungeon shop's menu visited anywhere you are. You can't use this skill while fighting.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Improved Creation.

Effect: It increases the quality of the items you create by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

" I already said this many times, but those are some weird skills," Ryan frowned.

Since Ryan wasn't that creative and he could create pretty much every item, weapon, or armor that he wants by manipulating earth, he was having a hard time how to use the iron ores, but now he found a good use for them. Regardless, he had to see how useful Battle Machines could be. As for Dungeon Shop and Improved Creation, there were no mistakes that they would be useful to him.

Ryan tried to use the skill, but the skill failed it looked like he needed the iron ores in hand to use them. Regardless, when the skill finally worked, the ores disappeared from his hand, and a small turret that had a mini cannon appeared in front of him. The turret was smaller than his head, it was a bit heavy, but he could lift it and even store it in his ring.

Battle Machine Lv 01

Health: --

Mana: 100/100

Stamina: --

Mana Bullet: Causes five points of damage upon contact.

Cost: 05 mana

Range: 20 meters

Recovery: 600

Durability: 20/20

It was weird that the item had only some status, but it was understandable. In any case, it could be really useful if Ryan keeps using the skill. The problem was to how to use them in real combat aside from putting them around the dungeon entrances, Ryan couldn't imagine many other ways in which those could be really effective.

"It looks like the skills are starting to deviate a bit from the ordinary types, plain spells are getting behind, and attacks that focus on a massive area of effect damage are becoming easier to find," Ryan said. "That and spells like these, that focus more on utility than anything."

Although it was interesting and useful in some aspects, that kind of class couldn't maximize his raw damage output, not directly at least. Regardless, after leaving the dungeon, Ryan restocked his supply of potions. Furball decided to eat a little of the dragon's corpse, but for some reason, it didn't taste that good, and he soon gave up. At the same time, the dragon heart didn't increase Ryan's status.

"This fight has been a waste of time in many aspects" Ryan said and then sighed. "Regardless, why that ice dragon was here killing golems? Given its level, the monster should have been hunting other creatures. That reminds me, the monster was in the ocean before the fight what happened to the megalodons?"

The number of questions in Ryan's head was starting to increase, and he couldn't even imagine the day where he would be able to obtain the answers of all of them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1