Chapter 316: Unwanted Help

Chapter 316: Unwanted help

Ryan and Furball eventually reached Uruguay. A small country was located between Brazil and Argentina. While that wasn't such an important detail, Ryan couldn't help but notice and think about it because he only found Iron Scorpions on the borders. Weirdly enough, they seemed to be marking the border's position since their number was pretty high, and they were forming something like a wall.

"This is weird but if a dungeon master can create several dungeons on the same planet, that would explain the high number of scorpions," Ryan concluded.

"You are correct. Not even after four dungeon breaks, a single monster species was supposed to be this numerous. In the distance, I can only find the presence of those scorpions."

Ryan never asked, but the ice dragon always used that kind of situation to interrupt Ryan's monologuing. He thought of stop thinking, but Ryan couldn't do that. He already speaks too little since Furball doesn't speak human language, so if he decreases that amount even further Ryan was afraid that he would start to speak out loud every single one of his thoughts.

Regardless, even though the vegetation around the border was pretty tall, Ryan would be found by hundreds of scorpions once he starts the fight. Moreover, since the scorpions were some sort of barrier, their movements will alert the others. In the end, that will start a pretty long fight. Just relying on critical damage wouldn't be enough since Ryan needed some time for each shot.

"I can help you with that."

Ryan ignored the ice dragons' words. As if he would accept the help of a monster that hadn't been tamed or summoned by him. Regardless, Ryan prepared his explosive arrows since it was high time to use them.

"You will help me move around, buddy," Ryan said to Furball. "You are strong enough to fight them but not enough to defeat more than one at a time. Once your mana and recovery increase a little, we will consider buying you an area of effect spell."

Furball barked in agreement. Without wasting any more time, Ryan used Arrow Shower and made magic arrows rain over dozens of scorpions. While not a single one of them died, they suffered some damage and found him. As soon as that happened, Ryan began to charge Power Shot.

"You really like to use that skill, huh? What will happen once you find an enemy that will manage to seal that skill?"

"That is none of your business," Ryan replied.

Once the scorpions got close enough, Ryan fired an explosive arrow, and the explosion made several scorpions spin in the air while others died. The number was a bit smaller than Ryan predicted, but that was fine since he finished them off by firing Electric Bullets. The damage caused by those surprised him a bit more, so Ryan began to fire them with his left hand.

Suddenly, just before his magic projectiles could hit some monsters, the scorpions became statues of ice. When the Electric Bullets hit them, they died instantly it looked like thunder and ice were a pretty good combination.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

"If you accept a small clause, I can"

"No," Ryan interrupted the ice dragon.

While it was weird that Ryan received all the coins considering that he wasn't the only one who caused damage, he wouldn't complain about it. He jumped on Furball's back, and his partner began to run away from the monsters.

When a massive number of them got close enough and began to fire their poison projectiles, Ryan fired his Power Shot and decimated hundreds of scorpions. Those in the front line and those in the back lines got caught in the explosion and didn't have time to react. Despite that, some Poison Bullets still hit Ryan, and the points hit started to burn. While he wanted to level up his resistances, it was meaningless if the pain prevents him from aiming accurately. So, Ryan used Purification.

"Dragons aren't the bloodthirsty monsters that you think most of them are, but there are some like Orgar, Garr, and me that use our heads and don't let our instincts and thirst for power blind your judgment. While I think that you have all the rights to hunt us down, you can't kill every single one of us indiscriminately."

"You don't have to worry about that. I only killed those who tried to kill me first," Ryan said. "I may be a killer who took many lives, but I am not a monster like you guys who killed those who couldn't even protect themselves."

"What makes you think that I did that? You already know that I was in the area killing the ice golems, and while their level was high, it was because I let the dungeon breaks happen so they could make me stronger faster. I didn't kill a single human."

"You tried to kill me," Ryan said.

"I already apologized for that; I mistook you from some individuals that are hunting dragons like me. I don't know who those guys are, but they managed to slay many dragons despite the difference in strength. I heard that some of them have the backing of some dragons, but others don't and still can defeat us by using some techniques. I felt the smell on you, the smell of someone who defeated many dragons. Considering that any ordinary human wouldn't have a real need to look for the ice golem's dungeon, I assumed you had come to kill me."

"That is a very convenient excuse," Ryan said.

"All right, I give up. I can't convince you using normal means. So, I will save your life once, and we will be even, right?"

"I would rather die than owe my life to a monster," Ryan said after shrugging.

"In that case, I repay the debt by giving you knowledge. That is something that you want more than anything else. Do you wish to refuse that as well?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1