Chapter 317: A Reliable Opinion

Chapter 317: A reliable opinion

Ryan sighed, and then he shut up. Instead of talking, he resumed his job of slaying iron scorpions. Receiving help or knowledge from someone he wanted to slay was too risky, so it was better to ignore everything the monster says.

"Let's see it looks like you don't know anything about the dungeon masters. While I didn't confirm anything either, I have some hypotheses. If my guess is right, the dungeon masters are trying to make the level of their dungeons reach level one thousand as soon as possible. That is why monsters are killing each other."

It took a lot of effort, but Ryan managed to avoid falling for the bait. He was very interested in that topic, but he didn't ask any questions. Regardless it made sense. At first, Ryan thought the monsters were only fighting against each other because they wanted to be the new dominant Earth species. While that also made sense, it didn't explain some creatures' behavior that sacrificed their pawns without a hint of hesitation.

"Staying silent won't make you less interested in the subject. Regardless, another one of my guesses is that once the dungeons reach level one thousand, the dungeon masters will be able to come to your planet and display their true power. Their minions will also become much stronger as well."

That wasn't something Ryan had thought However, it also made sense. Ryan knew very well that monsters and bosses could level up, so it was evident that their strength wasn't at the peak when he defeated creatures like Cerberus and Fenrir. Still, there were some weird things about the system why can humans go to other worlds and display their full strength while the dungeon masters can't do the same on Earth? Was it because the mana level on the planets was different? Orgar did mention something like that before

"Just like Orgar and Garr, I want to know why we don't have our memories before we suddenly appeared on your planet. However, unlike them, I decided to build my power alone while hunting the ice golems. I didn't find a suitable human to be my host, and I didn't want to believe that creatures like you had that much potential by yourselves, but I was wrong you defeated me, after all. Even though you had to rely on potions and other items even though you wouldn't have a chance in a fair fight."

"You sound like a sore loser" Ryan frowned.

Putting that aside, it looked like some parts of the puzzle were finally starting to appear. Although Femradiel could read Ryan's mind, and she could have made up that whole story to fool him, he doubted that was the case everything made too much sense. Besides, it wasn't like he had to do anything for her after obtaining those pieces of information.

"Now we are even."

"Who said that you could decide that?" Ryan asked.

"I know that you have a strong sense of responsibility. You wouldn't try to kill someone who gave so many pieces of information you have been looking for such a long time, after all."

It wasn't very pleasant, but she was right Ryan hated unfairness. He couldn't withstand offer less to other people when they offered so much for him. Although Femradiel tried to kill him, at least she saved him a lot of time. Besides, he survived without losing a single limb, so Ryan didn't feel like complaining too much about it.

"Now that we are even, we can proceed with the contract."

"I won't sign any contract," Ryan declared.

"But we are even!"

"So what?" Ryan asked. "That doesn't mean that I need your help with anything else or that I should help you with your problems. As far as I am concerned, I don't need to do anything else aside from letting you go without trying to kill you again."

" You are the first human I have talked to, but I must say if all of them are as difficult as you then perhaps your species deserves extermination."

"Well, let's let the survival of the fittest do its magic," Ryan said. "Anyway, you can go now. You have my word that I won't kill you. Begone, sayonara, hast la vista, adios, at nunca mais, labas."

"As much as I want to find a better host, I can't. As I said before, I need mana to reconstruct a functional body. Without one, I can't choose a new host. You will have to deal with me for a while longer."

" I guess I am going to follow the plan A: find a way to exorcise you out of my body," Ryan said after biting his lips in annoyance.

For a few more minutes, Ryan's speed of killing monsters increased, but soon he calmed down again. He could only get angry for so long, after all. Regardless, just as usual, the monsters only chased him for a while. After a certain point, they just retreated and reassumed their positions.

"I don't think those are tier three monsters, so maybe I shouldn't waste my time here," Ryan said while rubbing his chin thoughtfully. "Shall I fly above the country and then move on to Brazil? I also don't think that it is a good idea to leave so many enemies behind."

Ryan was collecting his loot and selling everything straight away when they were useless to him while thinking about what to do. Given what Femradiel just told him, it would be better if Ryan just ignores that country and explore the Brazilian coast as fast as possible and then return to his country. The next step would be to exterminate all the monsters in a foreign world and then become a dungeon master. However, Ryan felt that there was something off about Uruguay if a dungeon master really had decided to create several dungeons of the same type in a country, it wouldn't be a good idea to leave without knowing why.

"What do you think, buddy?" Ryan asked Furball.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1