Chapter 326: Contract

Chapter 326: Contract

Ryan sighed in the end, he looked for some downsides that would make him unable to help Femradiel, but since they didn't exist, his morals forced him to help her. Being a guy who hates unfairness was really a pain in the ass

"Let me read the contract," Ryan said.

The ice dragon, Femradiel, wants to make a contract with you. By accepting the contract, you will have access to her knowledge database, battle experience, techniques, and status. She won't be able to drain your mana unless you give her permission. She won't be able to take over your body unless you give her permission. She won't be able to participate in fights unless you give her permission. She won't be able to read your mind unless you give her permission. She won't be able to share all her knowledge, battle experience, techniques, and statuses unless you give her permission. By accepting this contract, you will have to swear that you fight to survive to see things through to the very end, and that you will work with Femradiel in matters that involve dragons. Do you accept it? Y/N"

That really was a slave contract Femradiel couldn't do anything unless Ryan wants, the sole exception is when dragons are involved. Even so, there was no saying that he couldn't kill them she truly was desperate to satisfy her thirst for knowledge.

"Are you fine with this? How are you going to become stronger?"

"I will convert the mana that I will absorb, and use it to level up my skills. Considering the contract, you won't gain anything since you don't intend to use my powers, so I will do the math, and convert the mana that you give me in coins. Once it reaches the right value, I will give you the knowledge of the skills that you want to learn. That should be enough to satisfy your massive pride, right?"

Now Ryan didn't have anything to complain about, which was a pity. While he wasn't naive like Lucas and Gustavo, he was kind of a goody-two-shoes as well he couldn't just ignore those who helped him in some way. Even when they were dragons Ryan accepted the contract.

Congratulations! You have obtained the skill Draconic Transformation.

Effect: it grants you the power to transform into a dragon. The level of the skill determines how much your status will grow when in dragon form. Current level: Health, mana, stamina + 1000, all other attributes + 100.

Cost: --

Congratulations! You have become a lesser dragon. You have obtained the skills: Ice Breath, Frost Armor, the skill cold resistance has reached level 300. You obtained 271 status points.

"Hey" Ryan said without trying to hide his anger. "Explain this to me."

"I am sorry I didn't know such things would happen. I never talked with a dragon that signed a contract with a human"

Ryan sighed, in the end, it wasn't unexpected that Femradiel wouldn't know certain things. Regardless, to think that Ryan would also obtain a dragon's DNA He saw that all those guys had that race, but Ryan didn't imagine it was a thing that he would receive so soon or that couldn't be avoided.

"Thank you for accepting helping me, Ryan. I really am thankful for it."

"What is that? Eww" Ryan frowned and then trembled a little since he felt a shiver. "Why are you saying such things all of a sudden? It is creeping me out."

"You really are a difficult human "

Since Ryan wasn't fighting, he decided to set the mana that he was recovering to be sent to Femradiel. As it turns out, he just had to think about it and the mana would be sent to her immediately.

Weirdly enough, even though Bianca watches the whole exchange, she didn't say a single thing. She didn't even frown when Femradiel's presence suddenly grew stronger. Probably because she knew that would happen sooner or later, there was no real reason for a human to refuse the power of a dragon. She didn't know that Ryan had no intention of using that power, and that he was that prideful.

"All right, it is working," Femradiel said and Ryan noticed that her voice sounded much clearer than before. "Now that I can see your status and skills, I can see that your build is quite messy."

"It looks like someone is getting too comfortable to say whatever" Ryan said. "Sorry, buddy. It looks like from now on we are not alone anymore. Don't worry, though. You will always be my most loyal pet."

"I must say that I feel a bit insulted in being compared with a warg" Femradiel said.

"Get used to it," Ryan said. "I rank my allies by how much they have helped me. Given that I am constantly giving you mana and that I had to sign this contract, I can easily say that you owe me a lot. As you stand now, you can't even be compared with Furball."

Femradiel wanted to believe that Ryan was joking, but he wasn't. In the end, he was the type of person who says everything that he thinks. Although was clearly a defensive system to make people stay away, he wasn't that cold-hearted, she understood that because he went for the trouble of accepting the pact even though he really wanted to be left alone and he truly believed that he already had the partner that he needed with Furball.

In any case, Femradiel still was satisfied. Even though Ryan was a difficult partner, he was one of the few humans that had the strength to fight on par with dragons and possibly the dragon slayers. Alongside him, Femradiel was absolutely sure that she would quench her thirst for knowledge and that one day, she would recover her memories.

"What do you think, Furball?" Ryan asked. "After getting the two next classes, should we look for those troublesome fellows known as dragon slayers or should we clear the slimes dungeon and obtain the power to create a dungeon? I bet Femradiel will piss herself if we choose the first option."

She will just need a little bit of patience

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1