Chapter 329: New Class

Chapter 329: New Class

Even after giving her warning, Bianca stayed behind and waited for Ryan's turn. However, she didn't look to be in a talking mood, so Ryan stayed the whole time silent instead of asking about the classes he really had become bad at dealing with redheads.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Guardian, Magic Archer, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

It looked like Ryan was getting used to those tier three classes, while they were still impressive, neither of them could surprise him all that much. Maybe it was time to look for the tier-four classes then again, Ryan didn't know if he was ready to face the monsters that would come out from them. The difference in power between the tiers was clear and based on Ryan's experience, the difference was even more visible at higher levels.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Magic Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Elemental Nature, Magic Bow, and Mana Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Elemental Nature.

Effect: It grants you the power to change the nature of your Mana Arrows.

Current natures that you can use: Fire.

Cost: 30 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Bow.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a magic bow. The summoned bow can replicate all the attributes, costs, and effects of bows and crossbows that you once possessed. You can summon one more magic bow every ten levels.

Cost: 10 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! Considering that you already have the skill Mana Arrow, your skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan still was caught off guard by the skills he received. While Mana Arrow seemed far too weak to be a skill that one could learn by receiving a tier-three class, the others were pretty interesting. Ryan already could imagine many applications for them.

"May I ask why you are so obsessed with classes that are related with bows?" Femradiel asked. "Based on what I know and on the fact that you like to work alone, I am pretty sure you have what it takes to become a pretty decent all-rounder."

"For two reasons, because defeating enemies from a distance is pretty cool and because surviving is not enough for me," Ryan replied. "I want to survive until the very end relying mostly on the things that my father taught me and prove how awesome he was."

"Was your father a famous archer or something?" Femradiel asked. "What about your mother?"

"Why are you suddenly interested in that?" Ryan frowned. "You are creeping me out again Besides, didn't you already read all my memories?"

"No, I only read the most recent and powerful ones," Femradiel replied. "The ones related with Lucas, Zoe, Alissa and Lucia. The older the memory, the more I had to use to find it, and as you know, I didn't have much to spare. Anyway, I was just curious, you don't have to answer. I was just wondering if hearing about someone else's past would help me remember my own."

"I am pretty sure you left a lot of your memories on that corpse," Ryan said.

"Creatures that have mana in their bodies store their memories in their spiritual body as well," Femradiel explained. "Haven't you wondered about how weird is that you can grow strong so fast? It is because of your memories being engraved in your physical body. The stronger and the more intense your life is, the faster you grow strong."

It was a weird method to grow strong, but it comes to mana and magic, it made sense. The spiritual body was what made everything else stronger, sharper, and more durable Regardless, back to the topic, Ryan wasn't sure if he wanted to talk about his parents. Still, for the good or the worse, Femradiel was working with him just like Furball. Ryan hated unfairness, so he couldn't treat them differently.

"Let's talk about this when we head to the next dungeon," Ryan said.

Ryan concluded that was the best option since he has been keeping Bianca waiting and he was already tired of her sweet presence, and welcoming behavior.

"Thanks for the tour," Ryan said. "See ya."

"Wait," Bianca said. "Now that you decided to work with the dragon inside you, things changed."

"How so?" Ryan frowned.

"Gustavo wants to keep contact with others like us, in case something happens," Bianca replied. "That way, we will be able to collaborate and work together and help each other. You are the first one we found, but we will give you the power to make others join this group."

While that seemed interesting, Ryan didn't want to keep contact with people like Gustavo and Lucas, their good nature was too troublesome for Ryan. Still, it seemed that they had some method to talk with each other over long distances and Ryan would have to spend a lot of time to move around and investigate certain areas that would save him a lot of time.

"Give me your hand," Bianca said. "This rune will give you the administrator rights for the Telepathy channel that we created you should feel honored since only us have those rights."

Ryan saw a symbol glowing on Bianca's right palm, it wasn't harmful, but Ryan still hesitated because of the downsides of accepting such proposal in the end, Ryan decided being rational since the advantages far outweighed the demerits. He accepted the proposal.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1