Chapter 328: Underwater

Chapter 328: Underwater

Zen was a dangerous skill; Ryan almost fell asleep many times while Femradiel was using it. Regardless, finally, morning came and Bianca was reuniting the new group that would clear the dungeon.

"I can keep using the skill even while you fight," Femradiel said. "However, you can't get too worked up."

Ryan wouldn't have to fight, so the chances of that happening were close to none. Regardless, people around the capital didn't look at him with weird eyes like in Rio de Janeiro. They probably assumed Ryan was someone influential and that was he was receiving preferential treatment. It was weird that they would think that with the world in that state

"Let's go," Bianca said.

Once again, Bianca took the leadership of the whole mission and no one dared to contest her, even though she wasn't from the area. Regardless, Ryan was interested in how she would handle things inside the dungeon since her favorite attacks were the electric ones and half of the dungeon was underwater.

While their walking speed was low due to the water on their waists, Ryan didn't notice anything troublesome aside from that. Bianca didn't use electric spells, but her wind ones could easily destroy the mermaids' heads for some odd reason, she beheaded all of them with Wind Blades. In any case, much to Ryan's surprise, she stopped before they could arrive in the last part of the dungeon.

"Things will get difficult from now on," Bianca said. "The boss of the dungeon is just a slightly bigger version of the mermaids, I am sure all of you already heard that, but she has some troublesome abilities. We will work hard to finish the fight as fast as possible, so I would like to ask you not to panic and whatever happens, don't approach the monster."

Ryan wanted to know what the hell she was talking about, but in the end, he decided to wait for the surprise. Most of the survivors who were going to receive a glass were gulping imagining the fight ahead, so at the very least, Ryan would be able to kill his boredom.

Slowly, everyone entered the last part of the dungeon where the boss was about to spawn. Bianca and her team approached the purple crystal and prepared for the fight while Ryan and the others stayed close to the path that leads to the exit. Suddenly, the purple crystal shone and the boss appeared. Now that Ryan could see one of those creatures before they could use their magic, he saw that they were pretty ugly they had the torsos of women, but their heads were like a fish.

Bianca and the others began to bombard the monster with long-ranged attacks, but that hadn't been enough to kill the monster or even stop it from counterattacking. The creature raised both arms upward and then the level of the water inside the cage began to rise.

"Ah so they were talking about this," Ryan said.

The survivors around Ryan began to panic it was their first time fighting against a boss and they also had a time-limit. So, it was only natural that they would react that way. As for Ryan, he wanted to obtain as much experience as possible for future reference.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Underwater Resistance.

Effect: it increases the amount of time you can stay underwater without running out of air by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan received an unexpected but pleasant surprise, but he ignored it and instead kept his eyes on the boss fight. Even underwater, Bianca's Wind Blades were taking huge chunks of the boss' flesh, but it looked like in her human form, she needed some time to defeat the monster. Her friends were also swimming around the monsters and using magic to decrease their health, but it looked like things could go south at any moment.

In the end, the most obvious thing happened. Without being able to attack any of Bianca's friends due to their barrage of death, the monster decided to attack those who weren't participating in the fight and use them as shields. The beast wanted to buy time in order to make the others run out of air.

Ryan decided to use Telekinesis and stop the beast, but the very moment the big mermaid showed its back toward Bianca, she created a vortex of wind and water that pulled back the monster toward the center of that place. Her friends resumed their attacks since Bianca couldn't do anything else while she controls the vortex.

"Aren't you going to help?" Femradiel asked.

"Nope, she got this," Ryan said.

Although the survivors didn't hold their breath properly due to their fears, in the end, the fight ended before anyone could suffocate. Even though they were leagues behind Bianca, they still fought against that boss dozens of times, so they managed to finish the job. The level of the water decreased the very moment the boss died.

"I guess this is one of the dungeons that will lead me to a world where I can find some sapient monsters" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Even though it didn't speak, the boss was pretty smart."

In the end, the boss also dropped a pretty impressive staff, but Ryan didn't bother analyzing it. It couldn't be his, after all. As usual, the survivors made a line to pick their classes and Ryan was the last one. He didn't know much about Bianca, but he imagined that she would leave without saying a thing since her job was over and she knew Ryan wasn't crazy enough to pick a fight against them by attacking the city. However, she did stay behind.

"Gustavo probably already contacted the survivors who are guarding the dungeon in the Amazonas, if you head to the point in the map in a straight line, no one will bother you," Bianca explained. "But if you don't, you will have to give some explanations to the survivors in the camps you might stop."

"I will go in a straight line toward the dungeon, you don't have to worry," Ryan said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1