Chapter 324: New Class

Chapter 324: New Class

While Ryan was lost in thought, they arrived in the said dungeon, and he couldn't help but frown at the high number of people working around the place. It looked like a small town where one could find anything that helps them clear a dungeon. Weapon shops, people selling potions, blacksmiths repairing and forging weapons there were even some women with revealing outfits trying to sweet talk some survivors.

"Is that" Ryan frowned.

"Prostitutes some people concluded that they are not fit to fight, but they don't care about selling their bodies," Bianca said.

Bianca looked pretty disgusted. As for someone who fought since the very beginning, she probably loathed survivors who chose another path Still, in the end, she and her friends knew that they couldn't limit the survivors' options.

Without wasting time, Bianca assembled the survivors who would get their classes today and the guards who usually stayed around the dungeon. Since she started to talk in Portuguese, Ryan didn't understand anything, but Ryan could tell by the stares that some survivors didn't like to give special treatment to an outsider when there were others from the city that have been waiting for their turn.

"Do you need a translation?"

"No can you even understand them?" Ryan asked.

"Why do you think I can talk with you? Dragons have the ability to understand all sorts of living beings. While that skill is at a low-level like all the others when he arrived on this world, it is enough to understand the language of a sapient being."

"How convenient," Ryan said. "A skill like that must consume a lot of mana."

"No, since I am talking directly with your spirit, I am not making use of that skill."

"Let me guess. You are going to offer another contract or clause bullshit?" Ryan asked.

" I wish you could feel this the feeling of needing something desperately, something that you don't have that someone has you need just a small portion to yourself, but you only receive insults and shame instead. This feeling is much worse given that I am a dragon."

That was pretty uncomfortable to hear. Ryan was only cautious, but it looked like, from Femradiel's perspective, he had been only sarcastically humiliating her. That wasn't his intention, but intentions alone aren't enough what is really important are facts and results.

"Hey, we are going," Bianca said.

While Ryan was lost in thoughts again, Bianca called him. He joined the group of civilians that didn't have a single class. Since it doesn't matter where he would be, Ryan decided to stay far behind the group. He would feel more comfortable by not exposing his back to strangers, even though they were much weaker than him.

Regardless, soon Ryan saw the Giant Spiders, and as expected, they were pretty creepy with their several eyes and body covered in fur. That thing was like three meters long and wide and Bianca exploded it easily with a single Electric Sphere.

"Let's go," Bianca said.

When the next spider appeared, Ryan and the others were already inside the dungeon. This time he made sure to use Appraisal since he didn't know when he would find those creatures again.

Giant Spider  Lv 110

Health: 1100/1100

Mana: 2400/2400

Stamina: 1500/1500

Strength: 400

Dexterity: 800

Speed: 800

Intelligence: 900

Endurance: 600

Control: 600

Mentality: 900

Luck: 550

Recovery: 1000

Willpower: 900

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Poisonous Bite Lv 110

Passive Physical Skills: Sting Lv 100, Slow Touch Lv 80

Spells: Spider Thread Lv 100, Poison Sphere Lv 80

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 40, Cold Resistance Lv 100, Earth Resistance Lv 90, Poison Resistance Lv 200

"I guess I could make some nice magic items out of them," Ryan muttered under his breath. "Then again, I shouldn't show what I can do that easily here."

After Bianca singlehandedly killed ten or so of those spiders, they finally reached the end of the dungeon. Much to Ryan's disappointment, the boss was just another spider. A bigger spider, but a spider nonetheless. Bianca and her friends began to run around the spider while firing magic projectiles. The spider did the same since the poor monster didn't know which target to attack. Moreover, whenever Bianca attacked the monster with Electric Spear, the monster suffered a lot of damage and even was stunned for several seconds.

In the end, a tier-three boss that was at level 110 didn't even last for a full minute against mostly Bianca. It was only natural given that she had the dragons' power, but Ryan couldn't help but sigh. He was getting bored much sooner than he had expected.

"When did I become such a battle freak?" Ryan frowned after laughing for a few moments.

Ryan couldn't tell what he did or if it was only natural given that he was the stranger, but Bianca made sure that he would be the last person to choose a class. While that bothered him a little, it was only due to the fact that he wanted to move on with his journey as fast as possible.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Saint Knight, Combat Mechanic, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Two new classes appeared while Ryan had already seen the Conjurer class. Now that Ryan thought about it, he should have asked Gustavo about the classes, even if his options were already decided from the very beginning.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Combat Mechanic!

You obtained the following skills: Mana Bomb, Electric Enchantment, and Shock Resistance.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Bomb.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a bomb made of mana that causes damage in a small area. The damage will be equal to your intelligence divided by the number of monsters hit.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Enchantment.

Effect: It increases the damage of your attacks by adding the power of electricity. The extra damage will be equal to your intelligence plus 20 percent. It might shock the enemy if they have a lower mentality or if they are electrocuted for a certain amount of time.

Cost: 30 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! Considering that you already have the skill Shock Resistance, your skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1