Chapter 335: Storm

Chapter 335: Storm

"So, after talking with your friends, are you going to exterminate all the monsters in a foreigner world to become a dungeon master?" Femradiel asked.

"They are not my friends," Ryan said. "They are survivors that now and then I work with for the sake of gathering intel as fast as possible."

"Right you only consider those that are one hundred percent loyal and have no means of betraying you your friends" Femradiel said. "Anyway, that will take a lot of time and won't be very helpful to increase your strength, are you sure about that?"

"Yes, I am sure about that, and no, you are not my friend, we are brothers in arms," Ryan said.

"Regardless, I won't have to worry about time if I use my auto-farm method of slaying monsters."

"No it will take a lot of time," Femradiel said. "Golems are too slow; can you imagine how many months it will take for them to run across even a small planet?"

That was something that Ryan didn't consider his auto-farm skills certainly had some weakness. Maybe Ryan will have to use the Giant Bees in the place of the golems. They shouldn't have a problem if Ryan tries to conquer the slimes' world. While Ryan was considering his options, he finally arrived on American soil. While he saw some monsters running around in Mexico, he didn't find any in the distance it looked like Mark put his plans of guarding all dungeons much sooner than he had predicted.

"It looks like the people of your country is finally getting used to the new world," Femradiel said. "While that is good for them, it isn't good for you. The number of monsters you can hunt decreased exponentially and so was the potential that you could use them to make yourself stronger."

"One step at a time," Ryan said. "First, we will focus on obtaining the power of the dungeon masters, after that, we will worry about that problem. Anyway, let's make you use your legs for a change, Furball. Dash, full speed ahead."

Ryan stopped flying and then gave his partner the order. Strangely, Furball barked excitedly. He didn't complain or looked uncomfortable, but it looked like he really liked to run instead of flying. While the ride wasn't that comfortable, at least Ryan had some extra mana to practice his new skills.

Around the time the sun was starting to set, Ryan finally returned to the base. Surprisingly enough, things looked neater in the small town above the place, it looked like Mark, and the others had had too much free time on their hands. Knowing Mark, Ryan thought he would be waiting for him at the entrance, but he wasn't there.

"Where is Mark?" Ryan asked one of the guards protecting the entrance.

" Commander Mark is at the meeting room," One of the guards replied with a frown.

Commander Mark it looked like his position changed a little bit once everyone understood that they couldn't wait for the government to come to their rescue. While Ryan wasn't an exact stranger, most of the guys who worked for Mark didn't like him since he didn't respect titles or formalities.

Regardless, Ryan found Mark and many others in the meeting room. For some reason, things looked pretty intense inside the room, and even though Ryan opened the door abruptly, the atmosphere improved a little. Cole, Anna, Carter, John, and Katelyn were there. While it wasn't a perfect combination, at least the noisy ones weren't there.

"Did I interrupt something?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, but it is not like you care about it, right?" Anna asked with a frown on her face.

"Look who is still on the edge after all these months," Ryan said. "If you are too busy, Mark, I can return later."

"It is fine, you can join us," Mark said. "Please sit, this may take a while."

Ryan just wanted to ask for a brief summary of whatever was troubling them, but asking something like that would only make Anna noisier. So, he decided to be patient. He just returned for a journey, so he could take a few hours of his time to kick back and relax.

"Do you remember when you told me about your fight against Mephisto and that demons can turn humans into monsters that obey them?" Mark asked.

"How could I forget that?" Ryan asked.

"Well, they became monsters all right we fought against some of the men who were captured by Lilith and Baal," Mark said. "However, even while the system considers them monsters, they still have human DNA so, they still can enter dungeons, cause dungeon breaks and even obtain classes."

Ryan frowned when he heard that that was terrible, so why he didn't see any monster many monsters on the way to the base? It was obvious, while they could cause dungeon breaks, by doing so, the humans who joined the demons would only help other species by doing that. However, by getting classes, they would increase their strength, and some classes were really troublesome

"Those humans tried to go North and obtain the tier three classes in the Fenrir's dungeon," Mark said. "They failed there since many of the bosses are still there, but they didn't fail when they tried to clear the Chupacabras' dungeon in the blink of an eye, they killed many of Gonzales friends and they cleared the dungeon. Thus, twenty-four troublesome necromancers were born."

Yep things became quite troublesome while Ryan was away. While he couldn't blame himself or the others for it, he couldn't help but sigh in disappointment. While creatures like Bolvath can summon skeletons, demons are an easy target for Ryan. Moreover, their numbers couldn't increase that often. However, those humans didn't have to worry about that.

"Where are they?" Ryan asked.

"They return to the demons' world," Mark replied. "However, occasionally, some of the humans who became slaves of the succubus appear and try to head North to obtain the classes there as well. They understand that is their best shot they can't hope to cross all the country and march South without being attacked by us."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1