Chapter 331: Hard Time

Chapter 331: Hard Time

Since the number of monsters along the way was pretty low, Ryan decided to have an excellent time taking a nap on Furball's back, but eventually, he had to give up on that. The terrain in the Amazon Forest wasn't that nice for a giant but a fast creature like Furball. So, they had to fly quite early.

"If we fly in a straight line, we will find it," Ryan muttered as if he was trying to calm himself.

"You can rest assured that we will find the dungeon," Femradiel said. "With my senses, I can easily pinpoint the location of all nearby dungeons, the more high-level they are, the easiest it will be to find them."

"Is that so?" Ryan said. "I guess you really aren't going to be that useless, huh."

"You can drop the acting, Ryan," Femradiel said. "You are embarrassed after having a frank talk after so long, but dragons like me can't understand that. Trying to look cold or sarcastic aren't helping you."

Talking with Femradiel was talking with a super helpful A.I., it was a pity that Ryan couldn't see things like that. After that talk, he suddenly got annoyed by his own actions since he exposed too much about himself Ryan just learned that he wasn't as stable as he thought that he was.

Regardless, they finally found the dungeon around noon of the next day. As expected, the dungeon had appeared near the region's biggest city, a place called Manaus. Although Ryan didn't find much destruction in the forest, most of the city had been completely destroyed. Only a small part of it had been restored by the survivors and was by using by them to keep the dungeons in the area under control.

"If you have already arrived at Manaus, you should look for someone called Ricard," Gustavo said via the telepathy channel. "I already talked to him a few minutes ago, and he is waiting for you at the plaza."

"Good, that does mean that I can show up the way I want," Ryan said.

Although many people caused a ruckus when Ryan suddenly appeared at the plaza mentioned, Ricardo and his men calmed everything down. Ricardo was a tall man who had light-brown hair and green eyes. Although he looked the type who would make success with the ladies, Ryan only saw a battle-hardened warrior in front of him. Not a man who would fool around whenever possible. For some coincidence, Ricardo was also a bow-user. However, his was pretty long and emitted an orange-red glow.

"I presume you are Ryan," Ricardo said.

"Yes," Ryan said.

"If you don't mind, I would like to ask you to fight alongside us," Ricardo said. "Gustavo said that your strength can be relied on and we are facing some problems as of late here."

"I can help," Ryan said. "That being said, I have no idea how he can say that since he never saw me fighting."

"Follow me," Ricardo said and then began to walk toward the center of the city where the dungeon was located. "Can I assume that your crossbow is a weapon enchanted with some element?"

"Yes, you can," Ryan nodded.

"I don't know if Gustavo and the others told you about the monsters that this dungeon spawn, but they are a bit difficult," Ricardo said. "While physical attacks work on them, the damage caused isn't something that bothers them. Thus, around here we focus on elemental attacks to deal with them."

"If you try to be more specific, maybe I will be able to prepare and be more helpful when fighting them," Ryan said.

"Right they are mummies," Ricardo said. "They are undead creatures and since they are dead, they are completely invulnerable to pain. While plain damage doesn't stop them, ice attacks and electric attacks can give us a few precious seconds to deal with them."

Hopefully, Ryan will be able to deal with them by using Power Shot, but he would have to change his weapon and use some elemental buffs if that weren't possible.

"Can't we slow them down by destroying their limbs?" Ryan asked.

"No, even if they lose their limbs, they can regenerate them with their undead flesh," Ricardo replied. "We already tried many ways to stop them, and we lost many by doing so. The only answer is freeze or shock them."

Ryan wanted to disagree and test a few things, but it wasn't a good idea to try a few things and ignore the leader of the area experience. Maybe a few seconds charged Power Shot would be enough. All monsters can only spawn six times every ten minutes, after all. It would then be too much for Ryan to ask to clear the dungeon alone while the others follow behind him.

"I have the right skill to freeze them over," Femradiel said.

"I won't choose the easy way out," Ryan said. "There is no other choice, I will see what I can do with Electric Enchantment."

Poison probably wouldn't be much effective either, but using the crossbow would be much more convenient, so Ryan kept it. When they reached the dungeon in question, Ryan found that only non-fighters would try to get a class. By the look of things, the survivors in that area had a real hard time clearing the dungeon every day if they needed that many fighters.

"Aside from their high-tolerance to pain, the mummies have also other troublesome characteristics," Ricardo said. "Once their bandage grabs someone, that someone is lost. They lose their strength and thus aren't able to free themselves. Anyone who touches the mummies also loses their stamina and physical strength. Once that happens, the only way is to kill both the mummy and the captured."

"Really?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, the mummies use the stamina to make their body stronger and the captured eventually join the undead army," Ricardo explained. "That is all we can do for our friends kill them before they become puppets."

Class: Hunter Lv 67 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 202th

Health: 1191/1194 (3, 53/s)

Mana: 1871 /1871 (3, 53/s)

Stamina: 1633/1639 (3,53/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 1850 (+1395) (+82)

Speed: 85 (+644) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+517) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+160)

Control: 06 (+657) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 800 (+993) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 236.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Zen Lv 07, Underwater Resistance Lv 01,

Spells: Magic Upgrade Lv 04 (+ 03 UP), Mana Bomb Lv 01, Electric Enchantment Lv 01, Draconic Transformation Lv 01, Frost Armor Lv 01, Ice Breath Lv 01, Magic Bow Lv 01, Elemental Nature Lv 01,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 300 (+ 271 UP),

Classes:

Combat:

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1