Chapter 334: Trickster

Chapter 334: Trickster

"Tell me more" Ryan said.

"What do you seek? More power? We can give you the preference in the obtained drops," Ricardo said. "Do you want to enjoy a good life? I can find some girls for you and even build a nice home for you and them."

"... How many I can have without causing some issues with Gustavo and his friends?" Ryan asked. "We don't want to have issues with them, right?"

"As many as you want, people nowadays will do everything to gain the favor of those in power," Ricardo explained. "Just tell me when you think you might return and I will make some preparations."

"All right I have some things to deal with in my home country," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "So, I should be able to solve them in three weeks."

"Good, I will be waiting for you," Ricardo said and then offered a handshake to Ryan and then left before anyone could find suspicious that they were talking in such a low tone.

Ryan sighed after that as expected, he shouldn't waste his time working with others in the future. The chances of him finding more people like Ricardo who wanted to use him were pretty high, and since that kind of idiot had a lot of influence, Ryan couldn't kill them that easily.

"For a second I thought you were serious about making a deal with him," Femradiel said.

"It is only natural, you don't know me all that much," Ryan shrugged.

Ryan's turn finally arrived, and he didn't waste any more time. He should have used Appraisal on Ricardo and the others when he had the chance to see his options, but in the end, the surprise excited Ryan even more than he had expected.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Swordmaster, Poisonous Archer, and Illusionist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Although the other classes seemed less focused on doing a single thing, once again, Ryan made his choice pretty quickly, but not before he could hear Femradiel sighing inside his head.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Poisonous Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Paralyzing Arrow, Spiritual Poison, and Explosive Poisonous Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Paralyzing Arrow.

Effect: It enchants your arrows with a poison that can paralyze your foes depending on their mentality and willpower.

Cost: 40 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spiritual Poison.

Effect: It enchants your arrows with a poison that can cause direct damage to your target's mana pool. The toxin can last for three seconds, and the damage is equal to the skill level. This effect can be stacked.

Cost: 20 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Explosive Poisonous Arrow.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a magic arrow that explodes upon contact and creates a poisonous cloud that can affect several targets. The damage caused is equal to your dexterity plus your intelligence divided by the number of targets.

Cost: 60 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"You certainly have bad luck with classes and skills you obtain," Femradiel said.

"It looks like you have a problem with certain types of skills and classes," Ryan said. "Let me guess, you don't like combat styles that rely on furtivity and indirect means to defeat an enemy."

"I am a dragon, after all," Femradiel asked. "There is not much of pride left, but there is still some. You can't expect that creatures like me would approve that, just so you know, Poison Dragons do exist, but they are shunned by the others."

"Although you say that, dragons annihilated humans when they were much more powerful," Ryan said. "You guys pride didn't get in the way when you killed thousands, right?"

"First of all, I didn't kill a single human," Femradiel said. "Second of all, do you really want to hear me defending my species when they annihilated the humans?"

" No," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Anyway, let's get the hell out of here."

Ryan left in a hurry the city without saying goodbye to anyone, not that he had anyone to say goodbye. Regardless, while he and Furball were flying crossing the Amazon forest, Ryan wondered if it was time to continue his search or just head to Colombia and then talk with Lucas before returning home. Ryan thought that job would last a few months, but barely four weeks had passed since he started that journey.

"I guess this journey is nearing its end," Ryan said. "If there were any other tier three dungeon in the continent, Lucas and Gustavo would have noticed, the monsters coming out from those places are really troublesome, after all."

It was time for Ryan to return to his home country and take the next step. At that point in time, there was no sense in denying that he was worried about Zoe and Arthur. Even though he checked things with them every day with Search, seeing things with his own eyes will be better.

"All right, next stop is Colombia," Ryan said. "Let's talk with Lucas and finish them as quickly as possible. After that, we will return to the base."

In the end, after a single day of traveling, Ryan met Lucas again. Although he welcomed him, Ryan left as soon as he explained about the telepathy link that Gustavo had created. If he wanted to talk about anything, they didn't have to see each other. While that was troublesome in some ways, at the very least, Ryan wouldn't feel uncomfortable directly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1