Chapter 338: Wild Guess

Chapter 338: Wild Guess

Just to check, Ryan opened the Dungeon Shop and checked for the skill, but he didn't find it Ryan didn't want to believe that skill like that would cost more than two million coins.

"I don't know how this system measures the price of skills, but you shouldn't think it will be cheap," Femradiel said. "This skill can nullify all skills that affect your mind in the exchange of your mana. Illusion magic, debuffs that would affect your mind such as Charm, and skills that might read the info about your or your items won't work while you keep it active."

"So, it is that useful, huh," Ryan said. "Anyway, how much more mana you will need for me to deserve that skill."

"Let me do some math here," Femradiel said. "Based on the current level of the skill, the amount of mana needed to level up the skill, the percentage in which the cost of the level up increased you will need to kill 25.369 more slimes or wait 281 hours."

While those oddly specific numbers made Ryan frown, at least now he knew what he should do. Regardless, it looked like wait was the only option since Ryan had no intention of walking around the area while slaying slimes. He would leave that for Furball.

"All right, buddy," Ryan said. "You will hunt the ones that left the dungeon, and we will make sure no more of them will come. Try not to lick too much the slimes on the ground."

After saying that, Ryan entered the dungeon. It has been a while since he had been in that cave although it was where his journey for power started, Ryan didn't feel a single hint of nostalgia. It has been a long while since he felt anything close to that

While Ryan found some bosses waiting for him near the purple crystal, they didn't do anything to him. Ryan killed them before they could even think of doing anything. Now he finally could take his next step. The only problem was that Ryan didn't have any real efficient way of hunting the other world's monsters.

"Still struggling with that, huh," Femradiel said. "If it were me, I would just freeze their entire world."

"That certainly is a viable plan. Thanks for your valuable opinion," Ryan said. "I am not going to use your powers, Femradiel."

"I am just saying," Femradiel said. "You will waste a lot of time here."

Ryan sighed, and then he touched the crystal and then reappeared on the other side. For some reason, he saw himself in the middle of a desert while he could feel the teleportation point behind him, Ryan couldn't see a single slime. Moreover, that was a pretty weird place for slimes to exist

After transforming the sand into a pillar of earth to mark the place where he would find the teleportation point, Ryan began to fly in order to check that world. However, even after he was several kilometers above the ground, he didn't see anything aside from the desert.

"Do you still think that can freeze this entire world?" Ryan asked.

"If I have enough mana, I can't see why not," Femradiel replied.

She was a dragon, so it was only natural that Femradiel would have confidence in her powers. She froze an entire mountain when she tried to kill Ryan, after all. Regardless, Ryan had another reason not to leave the teleportation point. He certainly will get lost in that world.

After returning to the starting point, Ryan created a shelter around the teleportation point. The hot weather was starting to bother him, but in the end, he made things a little more comfortable by creating some ice arrows. After that, he began to summon skeletons and battle machines. After that, he gave the skeletons the orders to carry the battle machines it was pretty weird to see those creatures tripping in the sand while carrying the battle machines, but at least they were pretty fast, thanks to their weight

Skeleton - Lv 01

Health: 50/50

Mana: 50/50

Stamina: 50/50

Strength: 20

Dexterity: 20

Speed: 20

Intelligence: 20

Endurance: 20

Control: 20

Mentality: 20

Luck: 20

Recovery: 20

Willpower: 20

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills:

"Boy, oh boy" Ryan frowned when he used Appraisal on his skeletons. "They are worse than I thought."

Fortunately, just while the skeletons' health, mana, and stamina increase by fifty points when they level up, the other attributes increase by twenty. So, at the very least, the skill had a lot of potential.

"You are not planning to use only them to defeat all the slimes, are you?" Femradiel asked. "There is always the chance that they might miss the slimes at some point, you know."

"It is fine. I am using them as bait anyway," Ryan replied.

"As a bait?" Femradiel asked, apparently confused.

"Even this world has a dungeon master, right?" Ryan asked. "I want to make the dungeon master find me. Even if he is a slime, those creatures won't ignore a new species of monster walking around in their world. Hopefully, I won't have to defeat every single stink slime to become a dungeon master. Maybe there is a chance that I can steal the position of one."

"I guess that makes sense," Femradiel said. "Let's just hope you won't be disappointed in the end. If my guess is right, if you take their position, you won't be able to make use of that power on Earth, only here."

That was something Ryan had considered as well. Hopefully, Dungeon Master was something like a skill one could obtain by defeating a dungeon master in a duel. Still, there was a chance that it wasn't a skill, but an item or relic that could be used in the said world. If that were the case, then Ryan won't be able to avoid the hard work and will have to kill every single slime on that planet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1