Chapter 339: Dungeon Master

Chapter 339: Dungeon master

In the end, Ryan endured doing nothing but summon skeletons for an entire week. However, as one would expect from someone who pretty much every single day against monsters in the last four months, Ryan got sick of it. To make things worse, he used that entire time to think of a way to eliminate all the slimes in that world, but he didn't find a better way to do it.

"Well, I guess it is time for plan B," Ryan got up and then said it while he was cleaning the dust from his clothes.

"I didn't think you have a plan B," Femradiel asked, surprised. "I am very surprised that you even managed to resist using it for so long."

"I am still trying to come up with plan B," Ryan said.

"So, that is why" Femradiel said. "Anyway, I also underestimated this task. If you need some tips, I can offer some. Just like I can feel the concentration of mana due to the dungeons, I can also feel the concentration of mana in some places where monsters are agglomerated."

"So, you want me to fly while we look for those places using your senses, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I guess there is no other choice"

Ryan couldn't let his pride get in the way of such a critical mission. It was time to let Femradiel do more than drain his mana now and then in exchange for knowledge and skills even though that was already plenty in Ryan's eyes.

Fortunately, Furball was outside, so Ryan would have some extra mana to create an earth block and give him some shadow while he flies. Although Femradiel assured him that she had memorized the place where the teleportation point was, and dragons couldn't get lost even in deserts, Ryan created a massive pillar to mark the place.

At first, Ryan tried to fly in a straight line, and since Furball wasn't with him, he managed to reach a pretty decent speed. However, that only made him frown since the desert seemed endless. Fortunately, he didn't find a single skeleton, but he could find faint traces of their footsteps. That means that they managed to cover quite a distance in just a few hours and nothing got in their way. Nothing power, at least.

"Can you feel anything?" Ryan asked.

"Just faint traces of the slimes defeated and of your skeletons," Femradiel said.

"I need other tracking skills with a more large range," Ryan said. "Radar and Awareness are useful, but they can only level up when the enemies find me first."

"I can sense a pattern in the slimes movements," Femradiel said. "It looks they are coming from the north."

"Where is the north?" Ryan frowned. "I am not sure we can use such terms in an alien world."

" Go toward your three o'clock," Femradiel said.

"What was that pause for?" Ryan asked, a bit annoyed while he changed the direction he was flying to.

"It was nothing, just let me concentrate for a while. I will try to find if there are any other changes in their traces," Femradiel said. "Since those traces are old, I really need to focus, so don't bother me."

"Looks like someone is getting arrogant just because I decided to rely on you" Ryan said and then sighed.

The more Ryan flew, the less he found traces in the sand. It was only natural since he had been at the heart of the desert, and the more he moves away from the heart, the older the traces get. Not even his good eyes could help Ryan with that.

Ryan flew in silence for several hours, and then eventually, the sun of the alien planet started to set. The insupportable heat gave place to the very annoying cold of the night. Weirdly enough, Ryan could even see some points freezing the few points where air could condense and then turn into water.

"If I couldn't manipulate the water of the atmosphere and then drink it, I wouldn't know how I would survive here," Ryan frowned. "Not a single sign of vegetation or an oasis only this damn lifeless sand."

It was hard to imagine how even monsters could survive in that environment. Regardless, Ryan was more interested in why there wasn't a single sign of any civilization in that place. He was just a former P.E. teacher, but Ryan was pretty sure there shouldn't exist planets with breathable air in which only had sand and nothing else. Based on his estimations, he already had crossed a distance equal to the Sahara unless Ryan chose the wrong direction. It looked like that desert had at least the double of that size.

"I am picking some mana concentration at your two o'clock," Femradiel suddenly said. "There are many presences there and one very big presence."

It looked like they finally found their destination, so Ryan corrected his posture to reach the place mentioned. After one hour, Ryan's eyes finally picked something. From a distance, it looked like a sea in the middle of the desert, but after Ryan got a little closer, he confirmed that it wasn't the case it was just a massive concentration of slimes. Some of them were leaving that area by walking while others disappeared within the air. In the center of those, Ryan found a gigantic slime.

Slime (Dungeon Master)

Health: 200.000/200.000

Mana: 200.000/200.000

Stamina: 200.000/200.000

Strength: 10.000

Dexterity: 2000

Speed: 1.000

Intelligence: 20.000

Endurance: 15.000

Control: 10.000

Mentality: 10.000

Luck: 5000

Recovery: 50.000

Willpower: 10.000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Corrosive Touch Lv 400

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 250, Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 230

Spells: Summon Slime Lv 550

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 500, Cold Resistance Lv 500, Electric Resistance Lv 500, Poison Resistance Lv 500,

That was becoming a normal occurrence as of late. Still, Ryan couldn't help but open his eyes in amazement at the sight and the status of such a creature. He thought that taking over the slimes' world would be a piece of cake, but Ryan was dead wrong.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1