Chapter 336: Reasoning

Chapter 336: Reasoning

"Daniel and the others who have experience fighting the Chupacabras are currently guarding that dungeon," John added. "We are also planning to make some of the people here become necromancers as well. To combat fire with fire."

"I wonder if that will work," Ryan said. "Considering that those creatures returned to the demons' world, I assume that they are planning to strengthen that class there and return once the time is ripe. Besides, just making some people get the class isn't enough, they need the aptitude since Necromancer looks like a pretty nasty class."

" That is exactly why we are having difficulties finding those who want that class," John sighed and then said.

"While I can understand more or less the situation, I think you should change your plans," Ryan said. "You can obtain the Demon Hunter class in Canada, that will help against the demons. As for other countermeasures, I think taking away one or two survivors of each guarded dungeon and allocating them to the demons' dungeons will solve the issue."

"We also thought that but given that they don't know when the demons will appear, the survivors are afraid that they will become weaker in comparison to others since the number of demons that can be hunted is limited," Mark explained after a long sigh.

Ryan couldn't say that since he was doing whatever he wanted, but humans really were some egoistical dumbasses. Apparently, they didn't even want to take turns while guarding the demons' dungeon Ryan soon lost interest in the question.

"Well, if there is nothing else bothering you, I would like to ask about the things that happened here while I was away," Ryan said.

"Aren't you changing the subject too fast?" Anna asked. "This question isn't solved yet."

"I can see that you guys have been trying to solve this for the last few days, but I don't think there is much any of you can do," Ryan said. "Humans are starting to get relaxed again, thanks to it, their most primal instincts are coming to the surface. You can't expect that they will follow all of your commands now that they have the power to fight the monsters."

No one could say that Ryan was wrong. That is what happens when you give too much power to people. While they weren't bad leaders, Mark and the others didn't consider that giving every single person power would lead to a situation where they would become so uncooperative. Ryan imagined that something might be because of human nature, once humans get used to something good, they will eventually wish for more. Once they get accustomed to improvements, they won't feel satisfied with the status quo.

"So, nothing aside from that happened?" Ryan asked. "That is good, I guess."

"What do you think we should do about this, Ryan?" Cole asked.

"To solve the situation, you guys can go there and make a camp around the dungeon," Ryan replied. "However, that will only create more problems in the future, unless you find a way for the survivors to be more cooperative, their behavior will only get worse. Still, if the worse happens, the situation will solve itself."

" Are you talking about if the demons managed to defeat us?" Mark asked.

"Yes, if they do that, the survivors will have some taste of despair again and they will become more cooperative, this place is yours, after all," Ryan said.

"Are you insane?" Anna asked. "We can't let that happen, many of us will die and the monsters around the dungeons will take over our lands again."

"That won't happen, the demons will hunt all the other species in order to make their dungeon reach the level max first," Ryan said. "The real problem will start from that point onward. Demons like Lilith, Baal, Mephisto, and perhaps even the devil himself will be able to walk freely on Earth. When that happens, we all will be pretty much screwed. By the way, where is Alissa?"

"She is training with her soldiers in Canada since the population of monsters is higher there," Mark said. "She isn't interested in this problem."

Figures. Ryan didn't want to get involved either because helping them would only make the survivors get carried away more. Besides, Ryan wasn't the firefighter of the base whose sole job was to solve their problems.

"Well, here is the data that I collected in the last few weeks," Ryan said and then passed his notebook to Mark. "How much can you pay me for those?"

"Like I said why do you keep trying to change the subject?" Anna got up and asked, visibly annoyed. "This isn't a solved question yet!"

"Sorry, but it is your problem, not mine," Ryan said. "I can't imagine an easy way out of this mess. The shit will hit the fan eventually anyway, just prepare for it."

"Can't we count on you to guard the dungeon in the north, Ryan?" Cole asked.

"Nope, I already decided my next step, so I will focus on it," Ryan replied. "If I were you, I would focus more on strengthening yourselves. That way, when the shit happens, the chances of you surviving will increase."

"But that is" Cole hesitated.

"We aren't a proper government, so this was bound to happen since we didn't create laws and similar things to keep everyone on the line," Carter said. "He is right, Cole. We can't expect that all things will work out in the end."

It looked like Carter was the only cool-headed of the trio. Regardless, Ryan was determined to follow his own plans, and everyone could see that he wouldn't change his mind. So, there was no point in continuing that conversation since they couldn't see another solution to the problem.

In the end, Mark paid Ryan two million coins for all the information he got in the last weeks. It seemed a bit too much, but given that he found several tiers three dungeons and that he made contact with some group of survivors, Mark felt that was the right amount.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1