Chapter 332: Reasons

Chapter 332: Reasons

That was troublesome to lose allies and then fight them because they become undead monsters. That was the kind of thing that quickly broke the spirit of most battle-hardened soldiers. No wonder Ricardo looked so grim. He probably had lost and killed many friends due to that dungeon. As if it wasn't enough, the dungeon looked like a mausoleum, and even some skulls made of stones could be seen around the entrance it looked like the dungeon master of that place was really nasty, but the critical piece of information was that dungeon masters could do that.

"Given the power that the mummies, have can you help us?" Ricardo asked.

"I guess," Ryan said. "What is the dungeon boss, by the way?"

"A mummy with a crown the Pharaoh, Osiris," Ricardo replied.

At that point in time, getting surprised was a waste of time and energy, so Ryan only nodded after hearing that. In any case, Ricardo at least gave Ryan the chance to test his powers. That was necessary since it looked like he lost two mages that could use ice and electric mage in the last few days. Now he only had a single mage that could use ice magic and slow down the monsters, but he could only do that much since that survivor only had two classes and couldn't leave the city to get other classes.

When the next mummy left the dungeon, Ryan made sure to take a good look at it, as well as using Appraisal. The monster really looked like something a skeleton would be. The flesh could only be seen in a few points, but it was so dead that the purple skin made Ryan avert his eyes. No, it was probably due to the smell Regardless, the monster was really covered in bandages from head to toe. Ryan activated Electric Enchantment, but the smell was so strong that he missed the monster's head and only hit the torso.

Mummy  Lv 125

Health: 2374/3000

Mana: 1000/1000

Stamina: 100/100

Strength: 1000

Dexterity: 100

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 100

Endurance: 2000

Control: 250

Mentality: 1000

Luck: 500

Recovery: --

Willpower: 1000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Tiring Touch Lv 120, Tiring Bandages Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 100, Bronze Skin Lv 80, Steel Skin Lv 60

Spells:

Support Skills: Pain Resistance Lv 350, Fire Resistance Lv 50, Cold Resistance Lv 50, Shock Resistance Lv 50, Poison Resistance Lv 250,

Ryan frowned when he saw those statuses, but in the end, the surprise made him attack four more times and kill the beast. Although he used a lot more mana than he was used to, mummies weren't as troublesome as he thought. He had the skills and status to solo the mobs.

You obtained 130 coins.

"I don't like this for a dungeon that never broke, their level is too high," Ryan said.

"That shouldn't surprise you, the stronger the creature is, the more mana they emit," Femradiel said. "Considering the level of the monsters, it looks like it is pretty evident that stronger monsters emit more mana and can level up faster, even when their dungeon doesn't break."

Ryan didn't consider that, but it did make sense after the experiment with the iron scorpions. The dungeon master of that dungeon probably knows that, and that was why he chose such a weird move to win the race.

"Well it looks like Gustavo wasn't exaggerating," Ricardo frowned. "However, let's try this again and this time, let's check for how long your skills stun the enemy."

Ryan nodded at that, and when the next mummy appeared, he fired a single bolt on the monster's chest. In the end, the creature got stunned for half a second it wasn't so bad given the level of the skill and the fact that Ryan didn't allocate a single point into intelligence. It could be improved, but Ryan won't have time for that.

"That is more than enough," Ricardo said. "You and our ice mage will hit the monsters once at the start of the fight and the others will finish off the creatures. As for the boss battle, Osiris usually can resist two times more crowd control spells in comparison to his minions. For how long do you think you can attack while shocking him?"

"Around five seconds I guess," Ryan replied.

"Given how much damage you can cause while you are at it, it should be more than enough," Ricard nodded. "Once we find the boss, go all out and once you run out of mana, leave the rest to us."

Got it," Ryan said.

Ricardo left to prepare a few more details for the fight. Meanwhile, while decided to use his head to find a better way to deal with those undead monsters, but he didn't find any.

"Why did you lie to him?" Femradiel asked.

"I don't like that some know exactly what I can do with my skills," Ryan replied. "That is why I also didn't tell him that I could finish off the boss with Power Shot."

"Even though you are probably going to work with his friends in the future?" Femradiel asked.

"I highly doubt that I will," Ryan shook his head. "I will only exchange information, my hands are already full, I can't involve myself with problems of other nations."

"What if the problem they might face escalates and becomes something that might threat your homeland?" Femradiel asked.

"That is a possibility that I would like to avoid thinking about it in order not to lose the few nights of sleep that I still have," Ryan said. "Anyway, why do you care if I lie to him?"

"Just asking out of curiosity," Femradiel replied. "Anyway, if you don't want to let others know about the things you can do, then you should learn some spells to counter Appraisal."

"So, those exist, huh," Ryan nodded in satisfaction. "I will need their names, hopefully, they will also block the mind-reading technique of other dragons."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1