Chapter 347: Expiration Date

Chapter 347: Expiration date

It wasn't much of a solution, but Ryan learned that he could paralyze the Whisperers by using a paralyzing spear and then finish the monsters with his bolts.

"Are you feeling the snowstorm letting up?" Ryan asked.

"Are you joking?" Femradiel asked. "You seriously think that by killing a few dozens of them, you would make any difference? If there is a dungeon at the eye of the snowstorm, you can imagine the number of monsters spawned since the very beginning, adding the others that came out with the dungeon breaks."

Just by thinking that he would have to face four months' worth of spawned monsters, it was enough to make Ryan feel like sighing. Hopefully, all that hard work will grant him a tier-three class. It was hard to imagine that a low-level monster could change the weather so much while receiving his arrows.

"Femradiel, but against this type of monster, I can't be very helpful," Femradiel said.

"It is fine," Ryan said. "It is not like I was counting on your help anyway."

"You always know the right thing to say in order to annoy others," Femradiel let out a long sigh.

Ryan changed his focus when he noticed that Furball was starting to tremble. The cold was finally getting him without wasting any time. Ryan stored his set of equipment that was good against poison and then made an exact copy made of iron. After that, he began to knock down the Whisperers with Electric Bullets. While that took him some time, Ryan had been patient enough to create a full and even upgraded then up to plus two since his kill could do that.

"Maybe I should create some set of defensive items for me as well," Ryan muttered. "It will be better to have them than need and not to have them."

While he was in the best weather to create magic items, Ryan decided to make use of Seal and Magic Upgrade since Furball wasn't trembling anymore.

"Before deciding anything, I should test and seal their souls in several types of equipment," Ryan concluded.

"I don't know if you are diligent or just stupid to think of forging magic items in moments like these," Femradiel said. "While you are at it, why don't you improve your attack power?"

"If that could be done easily, I would do it," Ryan said. "Do you have something in mind?"

"More or less," Femradiel said. "I think you should create some mini crossbows and use them on each arm. As you long you choose the right design or a better you can make, then fire even more bolts, and perhaps you will just need to pull the trigger and hold it to keep firing."

"... While that is an interesting idea, it isn't something a newbie can easily create," Ryan said. "Well, fighting at night in this weather will be suicide, so that I will experiment with your idea later."

Ryan more or less could imagine what Femradiel had in mind. While that was something he should have imagined earlier, creativity wasn't one of Ryan's strong points. However, now that he obtained certain skills, Ryan will have to train his creative muscles. He once again recalled that relying only on drops wasn't something he should do. It was hard to know if he had been lucky or unlucky when the subject was drops, but Ryan was fairly certain that he should get a better weapon at least once every week, and his crossbow was something that he obtained more than one month ago.

"Given that the number of dragons is decreasing, I can't rely on them to get new items or forge new ones," Ryan concluded. "That is why I need to keep leveling up Seal and Magic Upgrade."

Maybe one day, Ryan will even be able to control his weapons' effects and status. He was talking with a dragon inside of him, after all, so the sky was the limit. Regardless, since it was a bit hard to see what time it was in the middle of the snowstorm, Ryan decided just to kill the monsters for a few more hours before taking another break. To make his camps easier to set, Ryan would need some tools, so Ryan decided to make them that day as early as possible.

Camping in an open space would be crazy, so Ryan created an underground shelter. Fortunately, the wind was so strong that Ryan didn't even worry about making a campfire inside his shelter. Even if they feel or find the smoke, the whisperers will never be able to pinpoint where Ryan and the others would be.

"While I was the one who gave you the idea to improve your firepower, are you sure that you can take your time doing that?" Femradiel asked. "You are in the middle of a snowstorm created by a large number of monsters in this part of the continent. Moreover, the monsters aren't something you can't eat."

"Food is a problem, huh," Ryan nodded. "Furball can even eat the rest of those things, so he is fine. The problem is me."

While Ryan still had some food, it was pretty scarce. These days food wasn't something that he cared much about since the variety wasn't that great, and pretty much everything he could find that wasn't monster's meat had passed their expiration date.

"Well, since that is the case, I need to hurry here," Ryan said, and then he began to analyze the structure of his crossbow. "Hopefully, I will be able to customize these new magic weapons up to a point where they will become useful in many different situations."

To create the design that Femradiel had mentioned to Ryan, he will have to miniature his weapons. However, miniaturizing what he couldn't understand was impossible, so he had to start with baby steps. In any case, given that to create magic weapons, Ryan would need the monsters' souls, he probably won't be able to use them to deal with the monsters around that area. However, that certainly will make him gain a lot of time in the future.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1