Chapter 341: Experience

Chapter 341: Experience

Instead of attacking pretty much whenever possible, Ryan held back a little and then only attacked when the slime tentacles got too close to him. Electric Enchantment helped him more than he thought, but even so, there were no slimes for Femradiel to kill, so he had to be a bit conservative for the time being.

"Do you want me to use Zen for the time being?" Femradiel asked.

"You can do whatever the hell you want" Ryan said while he was running around the big slime. "Just don't interfere directly in the fight."

Femradiel nodded and began to use it for the time being while she waited for the next slimes to appear. While Ryan had some potions to use, he decided to keep them in his ring and rely only on his natural regeneration to fight. For a while, his bolts and Electric Enchantment had been enough to put the slimes' arms away from him, but suddenly, the paralyzed arms grew others smaller arms that moved toward Ryan.

"That is creepy" Ryan frowned.

In the blink of an eye, Ryan grabbed his Paralyzing Spear and hit those smaller arms. As expected, due to their size, they were weaker, so he managed to block them. However, soon the big slime gave up on that and began to fire slimes through its mouth. Even Femradiel would have a hard time blocking them from such a close distance, so Ryan began to run away from the creature while he spun his spear and stopped the monsters.

"What is this smell?" Ryan frowned.

When Ryan turned around, he saw his spear leaving a poisonous cloud, not only by poison slimes. His weapon had also been hit by corrosive slimes. Ryan couldn't understand how come a creature that could create so many types of slimes only send the weakest ones toward Earth, but that was a question for later.

"This isn't going well," Femradiel said. "It is only a matter of time before something unexpected happens, and that takes us out of the picture. You need to defeat the dungeon master faster."

While Femradiel was blocking the slimes that were being used as cannonballs, she could only do so much while using Ryan's skills. If she uses her own skills, the problem could be easily solved, but Ryan didn't want that kind of victory.

"I am trying to think of a way to do it," Ryan said. "I just need some time to think about a good plan."

"Clearly, thinking isn't your forte," Femradiel said. "You should rely more on my power."

"Thank you for your kind words and awesome support," Ryan said. "You are indeed an ally any human would want to have."

While the poisonous effect was causing damage to the slime, it was only decreasing it one point of health per second. As for the raw power of his bolts, they were only causing more or less one hundred points of damage at that rate. Even if he uses all his potions, Ryan won't kill the monster fast enough.

Ryan stopped his attacks for a second and only ran around the monster while he was thinking about his options. His magic weapons wouldn't last long if he uses them alongside Telekinesis, so that was a no. While the dungeon master had eyes, it was only some spheres that had no vital value for the creature's body, so Ryan couldn't hit those waiting to cause critical damage.

"I guess I will return to the basics" Ryan said and then sighed.

"What are you planning now?" Femradiel asked.

"I don't want to spoil the surprise," Ryan said.

Suddenly, Ryan stopped running and began to fire his bolts at the monster's face, but then when the creature opened its mouth, several frozen arrows were fired towards it. Somehow, they exploded and managed to freeze the creature's mouth, and Ryan smirked when he saw that. Not a single slime could leave that hole for a few seconds.

Ryan took out all his explosive arrows from his ring and then clustered them together before make them fly toward the monster's mouth. The arrows exploded, and a massive and powerful shockwave almost made Ryan fly backward.

"You are pretty nasty" Femradiel said.

"Shut up. Results are results. It doesn't matter how you obtain them," Ryan said.

Ryan had to use his stock of explosive arrows, but he wasn't worried about it, he had planned to use them as soon as possible, but the opportunity never appeared. Regardless, when the dust cloud began to disappear, Ryan was several hundred meters away from the big slime and already charging a Power Shot. However, for some reason, the slime was paralyzed. The explosion destroyed a good part of the monster's body and decreased its health up to forty-five percent, but even that couldn't explain why the creature was paralyzed.

"It looks like the explosion made the core tremble, and that affected the monster quite a bit," Femradiel said.

"Ah, that is right slimes' have cores," Ryan said. "Well, not that I can hit the core when the body of the monster is corrosive and so large."

Ryan had an idea, while even his magic weapons probably wouldn't penetrate that body and resist the corrosive effect for long, what would happen if he creates some magic arrows that have the same corrosive effect? Won't they resist the body of the monster? It seemed like a pain in the ass to create those in that kind of situation, but there plenty of slimes in that place the dungeon master had been. Perhaps some dozens of them would be acid slimes.

Before Ryan could make up his mind, the dungeon master suddenly trembled, and in the next moment, hundreds of slimes appeared between Ryan and the monster. Those creatures began to move toward Ryan. Some of them even exploded to give some boost power to the others to reach Ryan faster. Femradiel tried to hit them as fast as she could, but the numbers were too much.

Ryan flew to the sky only to see the dungeon master summoning more and more slimes each second, and once again, the slimes began to explode and make the other slimes fly toward him.

Class: Hunter Lv 67 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 201th

Health: 1259/1259 (3,59/s)

Mana: 1951/1951 (3,59/s)

Stamina: 1699/1699 (3,59/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 1900 (+1401) (+82)

Speed: 85 (+647) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+580) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+160)

Control: 06 (+699) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 800 (+1025) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 2.236.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Paralyzing Arrow Lv 01, Spiritual Poison Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Zen Lv 07 (+ 06 UP), Underwater Resistance Lv 01,

Spells: Draconic Transformation Lv 01, Frost Armor Lv 01, Ice Breath Lv 01, Magic Bow Lv 01, Elemental Nature Lv 01, Summon Skeleton Lv 22 (+ 21 UP), Explosive Poisonous Arrow Lv 01,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 56 (+ 02 UP), Summoner Lv 36 (+ 04 UP), Poisonous Archer Lv 01,

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1