Chapter 345: Ice Storm

Chapter 345: Ice Storm

"That easy?" Ryan frowned. "So, that means one hundred humans can become dungeon masters? No, the number can constantly increase"

"Yes, that easy, but you are wrong," Alissa said. "Use Analysis on this."

Alissa suddenly made a weird light-blue rock appear out of nowhere. It didn't have a specific shape, so aside from the color, it looked like an ordinary rock. Although it was weird that Alissa didn't use it, that was a question that could be answered later.

Domain Stone

Effects: It gives the user the chance to create dungeons in other worlds after paying a certain cost. It gives the user the power to select up to ten bosses to guard the dungeon and a single species of monsters to spawn from the purple crystal. It grants the user the chance to obtain all coins that his minions obtain. The user can gain one coin per second multiplied by the dungeon level, and once the dungeon reaches its level max, the user can summon himself on the world where the dungeon is located and show its max power. Once the domain stone is set, the user can't leave its boundaries, unless a temporary dungeon master is put in their place. The domain can be expanded at the cost of mana and coins, and while inside your domain, the user, their minions, and allies gain a boost of one hundred percent in all status.

Cost: only the one hundred strongest humans can use this item. If a dungeon master loses his position among that group, their power will disappear, and the stone will be given to another.

"That is a pretty long description" Ryan frowned. "Is there a reason why you didn't use that item? You can make one of your lackeys to take your place temporarily."

"They are my soldiers, not my lackeys," Alissa said. "I considered the idea, but I fear that unless I accept that task, I might put the planet in danger. Can you imagine what might happen if a dragon somewhere makes a pact with a being in a world where a put a dungeon and that using the dungeon to come?"

"I guess that could be problematic," Ryan said. "Still, it is weird that you are being this considerate."

"I am being considerate because of my soldiers," Alissa said. "While the last options interest me, I don't know how much mana and coins I will need to increase the perimeter of the domain, so I decided to keep the stone stored and use only in the future. It is not like I am in a dire need of coins, after all."

That was true, but it was also confirmed that Alissa was losing a golden opportunity. If one considers the level of the dungeon and the number of coins the dungeon masters obtain every single day, it was insane the number of magic items or potions they could obtain. Not only that, what if the dungeon master succeeded in dominating another world through the power of their dungeon? Maybe they will obtain some other and perhaps even better benefits.

"Unfortunately, this item can't be traded or sold, so you will have to get your own," Alissa said.

"That was my idea from the very beginning," Ryan said.

"So, what is your plan now?" Alissa asked.

"Keep doing the same thing, as usual, those are the best ways to increase my rank, after all," Ryan replied. "Since there is no dungeon around here that can give me tier-three classes, I am going to check other areas."

"Aren't you interested in getting all classes possible on the continent?" Alissa asked.

"That would take too much time, leveling up those classes also would take too much time," Ryan explained. "I will focus on increasing my strengths as fast as possible."

"That is just like you, I guess," Alissa shrugged. "So, you are going further north? If that is the case, I must warn you that the climate up North is much more intense than you remember, there is a massive snowstorm there that doesn't move and that one can freeze almost anything."

That picked Ryan's interest, and while it was dangerous, Ryan was confident

that he could withstand the cold. Thanks to Femradiel stupidity, his Cold Resistance leveled up a lot. In the end, Ryan didn't feel the need that Ryan would go West after going North.

"I guess this is a goodbye," Alissa said. "I want to keep training my guys for a while longer before risking exploring unknown lands. That is fine I guess, with this telepathy link I can bother you whenever I want."

"You forget that this link is like a telephone, for two to use it, one has to start the call and the other has to accept it," Ryan said. "If you get carried away and I will ignore all your calls."

"If you do that, who is going to give you daily updates about the situations regarding Zoe and Arthur?" Alissa asked with a smirk on her face.

"I don't need daily updates; I am not a stalker" Ryan sighed.

As expected, Alissa was as handful as ever. In any case, Ryan left the base and began to run North alongside Furball, but much to his annoyance, Alissa already made a call using the telepathy link. Ryan thought of ignoring it, but perhaps Alissa forgot to mention something. So, he accepted it.

"I will talk to you later," Alissa said. "I just forgot to say that."

Ryan sighed, and before he could say anything, Alissa ended the call. Ryan stood corrected Alissa had become even more handful than before. While that was a bit troublesome, it looked like her lackeys were a good influence on her. Maybe Orgar's worries were unfounded.

"What do you think about the massive snowstorm Alissa mentioned?" Ryan asked.

"If it is caused by a massive area of effect spell, you will be all right," Femradiel replied. "Those cost a lot of mana and the farther you stay away from the eye of the storm, the less cold you will feel. Even if it isn't caused by a spell, that rule still applies to it."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1