Chapter 343: Appeal

Chapter 343: Appeal

Even with all his mobility, the slimes still chased him using their own weird method to fly. That wasn't so bad, Ryan decided to fly around and wait for some magic items to be dropped and use them as disposable weapons in that fight, but weirdly enough, the monsters didn't drop anything.

"Why they don't drop anything?" Ryan frowned.

"Your luck is just that bad," Femradiel replied.

Regardless, instead of just running away, Ryan asked Femradiel to use Arrow Showed on the slimes while he flies around the dungeon master and attacks him with his bolts. The stupid monster was creating the perfect environment for Ryan to recover his mana endlessly, after all.

Unfortunately, the situation escalated to a point in which Ryan didn't imagine. The numerous slimes began to fire magic at him. While most of them missed him, the attacks decreased the Arrow Shower's power, and thus he wasn't recovery much mana anymore.

"What is the next plan?" Femradiel asked. "I am certain that it will be another innovative idea."

Ryan sighed since Femradiel was getting too comfortable and being sarcastic too often. In any case, he had an idea, but he didn't know if it was innovative or not, but it made him smirk.

While escaping the rain of magic projectiles, Ryan began to fly low while he was looking at the sand. Fortunately, he found what he had been looking for pretty easily some iron ores. Using Telekinesis, he picked all of them and returned to the sky. After a few seconds, several battle machines landed at the top of the dungeon master. As expected, they got dissolved by the monster, but the most important part, which was the cannon, only was dissolved when they ran out of mana. In the meantime, they caused a lot of damage.

"While that caused some damage, it didn't cause as much as you wanted," Femradiel said. "What now?"

"You are so impatient" Ryan said. "That was just a test. It looks like some monsters have resistance against attacks that can cause direct damage to their health points, do you know the name of such skill?"

"It is called magic armor and decreases the damage of spells of the neutral attribute," Femradiel explained.

That skill probably could also work against Power of Money, not that Ryan was planning to use it in the first place. That fight had already been won even before it had started, and Ryan only noticed that now.

In just a few minutes, the dungeon master recovered ten percent of its total health. While Ryan didn't do anything to prevent that, he managed to save his mana by flying around and evading the slimes that tried to attack him. In the end, the cavalry finally appeared as if they were mad dogs chasing something, some of the skeletons Ryan created in the last week appeared and dashed toward the dungeon master it was really convenient that even the old ones could grow stronger and faster while the skill level up.

The slimes attacked the skeletons, and they succeeded in stopping the skeletons from attacking the dungeon master, but not before they threw the battle machines toward the big monster's body. Some slimes tried to destroy the battle machines before they could enter the monster's body, but Ryan stopped them.

"I don't think so," Ryan said and then used his crossbow.

It would be great if they could all show up at the same time, but since the skeletons head in different directions at different points in time, that was impossible. Even so, they managed to cause quite a scene when they appeared in small numbers. The number of slimes chasing Ryan even decreased.

Upon noticing that those battle machines were bad news, the dungeon master used its arms to stop them from hitting its body. While that worked, Ryan solved that issue by using Telekinesis.

"I can't understand the appeal of defeating an enemy like this," Femradiel said. "Just charging Power Shot would be equally boring and efficient."

"You forget that my goal here was only one, know more about the dungeon masters' powers," Ryan said. "While I made the fight a bit more difficult in order to get used to them, it would be a waste not to use the resources that I created over the last week."

In the end, Ryan didn't have to do much to make the dungeon master's health decreased to ten percent of its max. However, something changed when that happened. The monster began to shine, and Ryan knew what was about to happen

"It looks like everyone can do that these days," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance and attacked the monster with his bolts.

Femradiel also helped Ryan even without asking his permission, but there wasn't time to complain. Unfortunately, the slimes formed a barrier and protected the dungeon master.

A few seconds later, the monster exploded. Ryan used his shield to protect himself, but much to his surprise, he wasn't hit by a massive wave of acid. Only some small slimes hit his shield. The dungeon master had split itself into thousands of parts. However, the surprise didn't end there when the slimes fell on the ground, they began to devour the others.

"Holy crap that is disgusting," Ryan frowned and then began to make bolts rain over the slimes.

Making good use of Firing Posture and Rapid Shot, Ryan killed dozens of slimes every second. However, it didn't look like he was making much progress. The boss's main body was starting to recover its size again in the middle of that sea of slimes.

"Focus on attacking that," Femradiel said. "I will deal with the small ones."

Ryan attacked that mass that was growing while Femradiel killed the small fries. While that was working, it wasn't also working. All what they could do was to prevent the creature from growing even further. Some skeletons were on the way, but it didn't look like they will arrive on time

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1