Chapter 348: Ice Fortress

Chapter 348: Ice Fortress

Thanks to auto-production, Ryan managed to create a replica of his crossbow even that night. However, the replica wasn't usable since the original required mana to be used. Now Ryan just had to use Seal and transform the replica into something that could be used and then sell it since there was no sense in creating a weapon enchanted by ice against ice-type monsters.

"Now, I just have to miniaturize it," Ryan said. "Well, I will do that later."

"I feel like I should have some knowledge that could help you in the creation of magic items, but I probably lost that knowledge when I came to this world," Femradiel said.

"Really? Dragons don't look to be a species that would forge many things," Ryan frowned. "Well, that is fine. Even if you had the knowledge, I probably wouldn't be able to use it right now."

After leaving the shelter, Ryan jumped on Furball's back and then began to move again. Some Frozen Whisperers tried to block their path, but since Ryan had a certain idea during the night, they failed at harming him and Furball.

Furball fired Electric Bullets like a machine gun and paralyzed the monsters. After that, Ryan destroyed the monsters with his bolts. While Furball wasn't much of a beast that uses magic attacks often, Ryan still bought a tome for him, and it seemed like his idea worked fairly well.

"Nice work, buddy," Ryan patted Furball's head. "Let's continue like that, but first let's store their bodies inside my magic ring for you to eat them later."

Frozen Whisperers became thin shards of ice when they died, so they didn't take much space inside the spatial ring. Thanks to Furball's support, Ryan managed to advance much faster than the previous day. However, just as he had expected, the number of encounters began to increase, and soon their movement speed decreased again.

"What are you going to do about this?" Femradiel asked.

"I can't ignore a dungeon that broke four times in this continent," Ryan replied. "If the dungeon keeps breaking, eventually, this massive snowstorm will probably take over the entire North-America. Not to mention, it will become an even more difficult problem to solve."

Ryan won't be able to reach Europe or even Asia at the speed he had planned, but that couldn't be helped. His main goal was to keep slaying monsters, after all. While that was the case, Ryan couldn't just accept that he would have to hunt those monsters for weeks he had to find a better way to hunt those monsters efficiently.

"Can you pinpoint the exact position of the dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, you will find the dungeon if you correct your course slightly to your right side," Femradiel said. "You probably know that you are going to find a massive number of monsters protecting the dungeon. How do you plan on taking care of them?"

"I guess the summoned monsters that I can use won't be of much help in this weather, so the battle machines won't be useful as well," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Well, I will come up with a plan eventually. It isn't the first time I have to deal with an army of monsters."

While it was the first time Ryan had to deal with a dungeon that broke three times, he wasn't much worried about the danger, only about the time he was going to waste there. Call it overconfidence, if you will, but Ryan was tired of getting overly anxious when he faces those kinds of problems.

The monsters managed to delay Ryan for three days, but eventually, he found the dungeon in the eye of the storm. That being said, part of him wished that he hadn't seen it.

Congratulations! The skill Cold Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Freeze Resistance has leveled up.

While trembling from head to toe, Ryan felt that he was about to become a human statue of ice. If it weren't for several skills that he had, he and Furball would never have reached that area. Regardless, this time the dungeon was really located in the middle of an ice mountain. The visibility was pretty good given that the winds were moving around a few hundred meters behind Ryan, but Ryan couldn't even see any snow or the ground beneath him in exchange for that. Only a thick layer of ice could be seen.

"I like this place," Femradiel said. "I wish I could have built a fortress-like this."

By fortress, Femradiel talked about the ice mountain that could even be compared with a massive ice castle. Not only that, the castle even had some royal guards, and they looked quite rough.

Ice Crystal  Lv 200

Health: 20.000/20.000

Mana: 30.000/30.000

Stamina: 5.000/5.000

Strength: 100

Dexterity: 5000

Speed: 200

Intelligence: 10000

Endurance: 5000

Control: 2500

Mentality: 7500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 15000

Willpower: 7500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Freezing Aura Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Boost Lv 150

Spells: Ice Cannon Lv 180, Ice Spear Lv 170, Absolute Zero Lv 120

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 350, Wind Resistance Lv 150, Fire Resistance Lv 50

Ice Crystals were creatures that didn't have a humanoid form. They were just that ice crystals that had the size of golems. Despite that, they even could use the best skills that Femradiel has.

"The level of the bosses keeps increasing," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Their numbers also increased with the fourth dungeon break; I can count four hundred bosses. What about you, Femradiel?"

"I can feel the presence of 417 of those creatures," Femradiel said.

Ryan sighed when he heard that it was hard to admit, but it looked like the number of bosses spawned in each dungeon break was directly related to the dungeon level. While that was a problem, the real problem was that each of those monsters had more or less half of a dragon's strength. So, to clear that dungeon, Ryan will have to defeat something like two hundred dragons and what scared him was the fact that he was pretty excited about it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1