Chapter 344: Mind Armor

Chapter 344: Mind Armor

Congratulations! You learned the skill Mind Armor.

Effect: decreases the effects of skills that can affect your mind and completely nullifies the effect of identification skills at your mana's cost.

You obtained 01 status point.

"I also need to train Water Manipulation," Ryan nodded to himself after he learned his new skill.

"Given the added power that the skill gives, maybe I should focus on that kind of attack for a while."

"If you interested in adding more power to your water and ice attacks, there are some skills that I can teach," Femradiel said. "Hydromancy and Cryomancy will increase the power of those attacks and make you reach the next level at controlling that element."

"I won't learn it for free," Ryan said. "Still, I don't which skill pick next, so if you gain enough mana and convert to make enough coins, you can tell me once that happens."

"That will take a while unless you began to hunt monsters more seriously," Femradiel explained. "Those skills are the next level of Water Creation, after all. With them, you can control water and ice even without touching them. Not to mention, the added power."

Ryan nodded. Following the usual pattern, it was easy to assume that they would cost around one hundred million coins. There were so many other skills he could learn with that amount. Then again, in that kind of situation, half of the skills Ryan could learn were limited to Femradiel's knowledge.

After leaving the dungeon, Ryan found Furball taking a nap at the entrance. It didn't seem like he had finished his job a long time ago, so Ryan didn't feel much guilt about it. Now, to the next step

"I need to go North, cross Canada, Alaska, and then reach Europe," Ryan concluded. "I need to find more tier three dungeons while I look for another way to become a dungeon master but first, I have to talk with Alissa and connect her to the telepathy link."

"I can feel a powerful presence on that base, it must be her," Femradiel said.

"Let's get going, buddy," Ryan said. "You are going to carry me while I train my new spells."

Furball barked and then nodded when Ryan jumped on his back. Once again, the trip hasn't been comfortable given his partner's speed, but at least Ryan managed to reach the place in just a few hours and even managed to train and learn several things about his new skills.

"Not even with Water Manipulation, Water Transformation, and Water Creation I can learn spells that easily," Ryan frowned. "There must be a matter of talent and experience when learning it. Let's try to solve the question with speed and simplicity."

As far as Ryan knew, all spells had a very short activation period, so perhaps that was what he was missing. Still, he couldn't be fast with any spells. That was why he decided to start by creating and firing Water Bullets as fast as possible. Even while he failed in receiving any notification of a new spell, he still managed to level up Water Creation.

Regardless, Ryan's experiments had to be stopped when he reached the base. At first, he thought about it sharing the things he learned in the slimes' world, but would that help anyone? Ryan couldn't imagine many people aside from those who had the power of dragons would be able to defeat dungeon masters. In fact, it would be quite an accomplishment just to go to another world and survive a few days.

"Look who has appeared," Alissa said when Ryan showed up at the meeting room. "It looks like you made some friends while you were away. Your social skills haven't grown all that rusty, it seems."

"Did Mark explained to you what I learned on my journey?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, what about it?" Alissa asked.

"Those guys I met in Brazil used a spell that created telepathic channel and they decided that they want to talk often with people like you and me," Ryan explained. "I wanted to ask if you are interested."

"If it is just about exchanging intel, I don't mind," Alissa said. "What I can't understand is why you made a contract with a dragon. Knowing you, I thought you would rather eat shit than obtaining the power of someone else."

"While you are not wrong, our situations are pretty different," Ryan said. "I didn't have a choice at the time and another solution would take too long. Besides, I am not using her powers and I don't intend to use it at all."

"You really are stupidly stubborn," Alissa sighed. "But at the very least, you look calmer now, is it because you have the power of an ice dragon? Did you get it? You are cooler because of an ice dragon."

"Whatever, just shake my hand and you will be connected to the channel," Ryan said.

"Before that, let's talk a little bit more," Alissa said. "You disappeared from my Radar for a few days, did you go to another world? Are you really that interested in becoming a dungeon master?"

"I just want to know more about the powers of my enemies," Ryan shrugged. "Regardless, you are right, but the mission wasn't fruitful. To become a dungeon master in another world, I would have to abandon my status as a human. I don't know if that would change my body or something, but I didn't accept for obvious reasons."

"So, it is like that, huh," Alissa rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "I didn't mention before, but I know a way of how to become a dungeon master without sacrificing anything. Do you want to know more? I thought you wouldn't ever reach at a certain level of power, but I guess I underestimated your potential you can definitely reach that power level."

"How?" Ryan asked.

"You just have to become one of the one hundred strongest humans on Earth," Alissa said. "Once that happens, you will obtain a domain stone. That item will give you the power of a dungeon master."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1