Chapter 342: Requirements

Chapter 342: Requirements

Ryan got annoyed that the fight was dragging for too long, so he decided to go all out. Using Telekinesis, he made all his frozen arrows fly toward the slimy thing that he was attacking. While that caused some damage and froze the monster for a few seconds, it only served to Ryan gain a few seconds. Fortunately, he used those well. Instead of using it with Power Shot, Ryan made his Paralyzing Spear spin until it could make a small tornado behind it. After that, he fired toward the monster.

When the dungeon master got hit, all the smaller slimes were paralyzed for a second. Ryan used that change to enchant his bolts with Electric Enchantment, and he also fired Electric Bullets with his left hand. All the slimes stopped moving, and Femradiel used that chance to pick up the pace in the end, the dungeon master finally fell.

You obtained 5.392.741 coins.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 200 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 191st

You obtained: Water Creation tome.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Water Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create the water element, and it also increases the power of all water attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Phew finally," Ryan sighed and then relaxed when all the slimes in the area suddenly exploded like bubbles.

While it was a pity that Ryan didn't obtain the coins by defeating them, he only felt bothered by the fact that he didn't receive a single notification informing him that he had become a dungeon master. That was worrisome.

"There is something in the place where the slime was recovering its final form, you should check it," Femradiel said.

Ryan flew toward that place only to find a single red crystal. It seemed identical to the purple ones, aside from the color, and the thing was glowing. Ryan used Appraisal on it, but it didn't work. It looked like he had to touch it After hesitating for a few moments, Ryan touched the crystal and saw some options and notifications.

You have defeated the previous owner of this crystal; you have the right to claim it and have access to all its resources and options. However, since you are a member of another species, you will have to abandon your status as a human to claim ownership over the crystal. Do you wish to become the new dungeon master? Y/N.

"Crap this damn thing isn't something I can take to Earth," Ryan said. "Moreover, it is even asking me to abandon my status as a human. What else this fucking crystal will ask me? To become a unicorn?"

"That would be a pretty interesting command," Femradiel said. "Regardless, why don't you accept it? You can still return to Earth; you just won't have the rights of a human anymore. Considering that you have the blood of so many monsters inside you, I can't see the problem."

"Even I have things that I don't intend to let go no matter what," Ryan said. "My humanity is one of them."

In the end, Ryan didn't accept, but fortunately, he still could use the purple crystal to some extent. He saw that the big slime was sending slimes to three other planets. Their names were quite weird and certainly weren't on the solar system. Regardless, the monster only sent the weakest species to Earth, and Ryan could still make the dungeon work for some reason.

"It looks like anyone can mess with this crystal, but only the dungeon master can change some features," Ryan said. "I want to hide this, but anyone powerful enough to come to another planet will have the skills to find this."

In the end, all the slimes of that world died when the dungeon master died, but Ryan didn't obtain the means to become a dungeon master. Not without a cost, at least. While Ryan obtained some rewards, he still felt that he wasted his time since he didn't reach his primary goal. While there were probably some other ways to become a dungeon master, they wouldn't be any less difficult.

"Might as well look for the dungeons in this planet and get some classes since I am already here," Ryan said. "Femradiel, can you tell me the location of the nearest dungeon?"

"Here is the thing, even after all that flight, I didn't feel a single presence of a dungeon," Femradiel replied. "You can keep looking to expand or radius of search, but I am pretty sure there isn't a single dungeon in this planet."

"Really?" Ryan frowned.

"Think about it, why would someone bother to conquer this place?" Femradiel asked. "There is nothing here aside from this massive desert and the slimes. My guess is that the monsters invaded this world many years ago and it ended up like this."

Ryan nodded at that. While Earth has seen better days, it still was many times better than the slimes' world. Besides, fighting against slimes probably wouldn't be useful to any species. As for humans, they could become strong pretty fast with some diligence.

"Well, if it is like this, it is time to go home, then," Ryan shrugged. "This mission ended much sooner than I expected Furball must be tired of licking the corpses of slimes, so let's hurry."

"Before I forget this, you can learn Mind Armor," Femradiel said. "Do you wish to learn it now? The sooner the better, right? That way, you will have a lot of time to level up the skill, you will just have to ask someone to use Appraisal on you."

That was true. The problem was who Ryan should ask that. He hated to owe favors to others, after all. Regardless, while he was thinking of a solution to that problem, Ryan left that world behind and returned to Earth.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1