Chapter 359: Potion Creation

Chapter 359: Potion Creation

Around noon, some problems started to appear. While apparently, everyone in the town had cleared the dungeon and obtained class, everyone wanted to clear the place whenever possible. After some negotiations, Natasha managed to calm down those who were forced to step back and give Ryan the chance to clear the dungeon. However, the problems didn't end there. Those who entered the dungeon didn't feel safe knowing that a stranger with a crossbow was behind them. Moreover, there was this massive beast with him.

"They are asking you to leave the Warg behind," Natasha said.

"I can't see why I should do it," Ryan said. "That isn't in our agreement, and Furball doesn't count a human, so twenty-four people will be able to clear the dungeon. We are a team, so I am not going to leave him behind."

"Furball?" Natasha frowned. "Anyway, I will see what I can do here."

After sighing, Natasha proceeded to negotiate with everyone again. She cursed herself for not imagining that something like that would happen, and unfortunately, she couldn't change the agreement just because a minor problem arrived. In the end, Natasha silenced the complainers with the power of the coins.

"This is a dungeon that they cleared many times, so we won't have to fight," Natasha said. "Don't attack. Let's see the people here do their jobs. Also"

"Yes, yes, Furball won't do anything," Ryan said.

While he was waiting, Ryan decided to play with Furball to get rid of the annoying glares that were him. Ryan made Furball do some backflips and even made him play dead to make everyone understand that he had him completely under his control. Natasha's eyes were sparkling while she watched all that if she was a dog or cat person, she wasn't anymore. Now she is a Warg person.

Ryan was really looking forward to testing his two crossbows style. The consumption of mana would be much higher, but of course, he wouldn't throw away an amazing item like the Pestilence Crossbow or even sell it. Unfortunately, it looked like he will have to wait until he approaches the tier three dungeons.

Regardless, in the end, nothing really happened while the natives were killing the mobs or the boss. It took a while, but they eventually did it. Ryan and Natasha just watched everything with their arms crossed but ready to use their crossbows if something happens.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Spearman, Trickster, and Alchemist.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Alchemist!

You obtained the following skills: Alchemy, Auto-Medication, and Potion Creation.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by four points, your health, stamina, control and recovery will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Alchemy.

Effect: It increases the effectiveness of potions created by you in one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Auto-Medication.

Effect: It increases the effectiveness of the potions you use by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Potion Creation.

Effect: Upon defeating your enemies, you will gain their soul essence, and by using five of each type, you will be able to use them to create a potion. Current potions that you can make: health, mana, and stamina potions.

Cost: 10 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan nodded in satisfaction since those skills weren't so bad. It looked like just by relying on Alchemy and Auto-Medication alone, Ryan would be able to increase his potions' effectiveness by a pretty decent margin. Not only that, it looked like he could make different types of potions aside from the ordinary ones that restored his energy.

"Let's get going," Natasha said. "I want to confirm that things still are normal back in my camp."

"Roger that," Ryan said.

Ryan also wanted to get the classes as fast as possible, so he couldn't complain. Regardless, they quickly left the dungeon and the town and then prepared to move South-West. Even though the Russian territory was massive, Ryan barely saw monsters around, and when he did, he found some survivors hunting and killing those same monsters after a while. They have been doing a pretty decent job at keeping their lands safe, to the point where Ryan couldn't help but frown that the stone humans managed to cover quite a distance after escaping.

"Can I ask how many level three dungeons you have in your country?" Ryan asked.

"We only have the knowledge of three, there may be others, but we didn't confirm that yet," Natasha said. "Our territory is vast, and we are proceeding to take it back while moving toward West."

While that was already a pretty decent number, it looked like Natasha and her countrymen perhaps could obtain control over even more of those dungeons. Based on what Ryan imagined, the Russians were probably facing some problems on their South and West sides. Europe was pretty big and had many populous cities. Knowing that dungeons always appear near those places, Ryan could understand why they were having a hard time recovering their territory.

Since they hurried, Ryan, Natasha, and the others managed to run for almost two hundred kilometers without stopping in a single day. Furball could be faster than that, but it looked like few people invested too many points into speed. Moreover, most people also chose between melee classes or magic classes, they never choose the second option, and thanks to that, their speed was even more disappointing. Regardless, they arrived at their destination after running for a full day, only to see a small city being attacked by hundreds of Cursed Eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1