Chapter 351: Absolute Zero

Chapter 351: Absolute Zero

The scene where Ryan made ice crystals go kaboom repeated several times. In the end, they even called the Frozen Whisperers to help, but they never found him. Moreover, whisperers were killed in droves by the combat machines. When Ryan killed the one-hundredth boss, he couldn't help but frown since the monsters didn't change their behavior even a little bit they were still guarding the dungeon entrance. Still, at least they were smart enough to correct their position in order to cover the holes created by Ryan's attacks.

"This is odd" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "They are smart enough to control the minions and even to correct their positions, so why don't they use some tactic to get rid of me or at least slow me down a little bit?"

"You shouldn't expect that all monsters can cause you problems," Femradiel said. "They are inorganic creatures, so their level of intelligence is limited."

"Although I know that I was considering that the dungeon master was a sapient being who chose for their minions to be these types of creatures," Ryan said. "If it were me, I would use inorganic creatures as well, since they can't feel pain or fear."

"Maybe you are right, but even if that is the case, it doesn't mean that the dungeon master is someone super competent," Femradiel said. "There is always a chance that their dungeon only broke four times by coincidence."

Ryan couldn't be that optimistic. Still, he couldn't be too cautious either, just because the situation was weird. Regardless, killing one hundred bosses in a single afternoon was more than enough for Ryan, so he decided to call it a day since it started to get dark outside. Despite that, instead of stopping to rest, Ryan began to create an underground route around the dungeon. If something happens, he will use that to escape, and if nothing happens, Ryan could always use that to attack the bosses from different angles.

Although Ryan worked throughout the whole night and used many options and Femradiel's help to increase his pace, Ryan only managed to create a tunnel covering only one-fourth of the dungeon. While the tunnel wasn't big enough for the ice crystals to move, Ryan still decided to be careful and put several magic traps around.

"You are such a worrywart," Femradiel said.

"I think cautious is the correct word," Ryan said.

When morning came, Ryan resumed his hunt. However, when he killed two of the ice crystals, something finally changed the monsters began to make Ice Spears fall from the sky, and their attack covered the whole area around the dungeon and several hundred meters inside the snowstorm.

Without any other choice, Ryan retreated. Aiming became hard, but he still managed to slay two more bosses. In the end, the bosses finally snapped. Instead of firing Ice Spears downward, they began to fire them toward the horizon. Ryan was so far away that he didn't notice until it was too late the ice spears hit his ballista, and then immediately they turned into ice and broke into thousands of pieces. Ryan entered his tunnel before he could suffer from the same destiny.

"Back to square one?" Femradiel asked. "That is what you get from relying too much on tools."

"This just a minor nuisance," Ryan replied. "That is something that can be easily solved."

Ryan began to make the other two ballistae, and in the new ones, he put a shield in front of the weapons and only a hole in the middle of them. Ryan made sure to enchant those shields with the whisperer's souls, so the weapon's durability was duplicated. However, When Ryan left his hideout to prepare for the next wave of attacks, the ice crystals still were firing Ice Spears in all directions.

That problem was too easy to solve that Ryan sighed. Maybe he was too cautious due to the force of habit. Maybe there wasn't an unknown force preparing a trap for him while he kills the bosses Regardless, Ryan prepared for the next wave of attacks after opening a path for him to leave the hideout. After charging Power Shots for a full minute, Ryan used Flash and appeared a few meters above the ground. Since he was touching the ballista and they belonged to him, the weapons also were teleported to midair alongside him. After adjusting his aim with Telekinesis, Ryan pulled the levers and fired two bolts. He prepared to use Flash again, but the Ice Spears stopped from being fired in the place he landed.

You obtained 30.000 coins.

You obtained 30.000 coins.

Ryan decided to attack again before the monsters could react in any way. However, Ryan suddenly felt a shiver and decided to return to his underground shelter alongside his weapons. He used Flash, and half a second later, the place was sealed when a thick layer of ice covered the whole area and sealed the hideout.

"Absolute Zero" Ryan sighed. "What a troublesome skill."

"That skill consumes a lot of mana, so the monsters can't use it often," Femradiel said.

Ryan would have to destroy that thick layer of ice before he suffocates, but before that, he put another layer of dirt below the ice in order to keep the tunnel hidden. In the end, he solved that problem fast and solved the problem of the layer of ice even faster by using Water Manipulation and Water Transformation.

However, when Ryan left the tunnel, he found another problem. The problem increased their search range, and even after one hour, they didn't reassume their positions around the dungeon. They weren't planning on giving Ryan a chance to attack them again.

"No more surprise attacks," Femradiel said. "What now?"

"Now I can return to the basics," Ryan said. "While this is a bit troublesome, it also helps me a little. Let's see what is more powerful here, my firepower and attack speed or the resilience and numbers of those dumbasses."

Class: Hunter Lv 69 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 180th

Health: 1309/1309 (3,59/s)

Mana: 2002/2002 (3,59/s)

Stamina: 1779/1779 (3,59/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 2050 (+1482) (+95)

Speed: 85 (+691) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+580) (+3)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+160)

Control: 06 (+741) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+30)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 850 (+1025) (+330)

Willpower: 30 (+36)

Coins: 12.985.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 90 (+ 03 UP),

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 68 (+ 02 UP), Concentration Lv 68 (+ 02 UP), Archery Lv 68 (+ 02 UP), Accuracy Lv 68 (+ 02 UP),

Spells: Explosive Poisonous Arrow Lv 01, Water Creation Lv 13 (+12 UP), Mind Armor Lv 01,

Support Skills: Freeze Resistance Lv 11 (+10 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 34 (+ 02 UP), Archer Lv 62, Combat Archer Lv 46 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 39 (+ 03 UP), Weapons Master Lv 19 (+ 03 UP), Sentinel Lv 12 (+ 03 UP), Demon Hunter Lv 15 (+ 03 UP), Ranger Lv 09 (+ 03 UP), Poisonous Archer Lv 04 (+ 03),

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 25 (+ 03 UP),

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1