Chapter 356: Stone Human

Chapter 356: Stone Human

When Ryan finally crossed the giant bridge of ice that connected both continents, he frowned because he didn't find a single monster in the distance. The trip while crossing the ice had been utterly devoid of any fight, so he was hoping that things would get messy once he arrives.

"Their territory is pretty vast, but maybe the Russians are doing better than us," Ryan said. "Well, no point in waiting to be attacked by monsters. Let's follow the coast, as usual, buddy."

Furball barked, and he began to run. Even after several hours, Ryan didn't find anything on his path. No humans, camps, monsters, or dungeons on the good side, the climate was much less severe there when he was in Alaska or Canada.

Suddenly, Ryan felt something on his back. A certain discomfort it was the same feeling that he had when he trained Awareness by using some of his summoned creatures. He was being watched unfortunately, the range of Radar didn't pick the presence of anything.

Again, very suddenly, Ryan felt something hitting his back. Fortunately, he didn't receive any damage, thanks to his Mystic Cape. When Ryan turned around, he saw several human-like creatures running toward him and firing magic projectiles.

Nicholai (Stone Human)  Lv 170

Health: 5.000/5.000

Mana: 5.000/5.000

Stamina: 5.000/5.000

Strength: 3000

Dexterity: 1000

Speed: 1000

Intelligence: 500

Endurance: 3000

Control: 1000

Mentality: 2000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 3000

Willpower: 2000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Stone Touch Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Endurance Lv 130

Spells: Stone Arrow Lv 150, Earth Wall Lv 120

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 120, Cold Resistance Lv 120, Shock Resistance Lv 150, Earth Resistance Lv 200,

"More of them, huh," Ryan used Flash to dodge the attacks and then said. "They don't look like the ones that had been turned into demons so, what are they?"

Those creatures didn't look human-like. They were humans that had become monsters. Their whole body was gray, as if they had become statues that could move. Still, while they didn't look insane like the human-demons, they seemed pretty mad while they charged at Ryan.

"Well, I was planning to use this later, but I guess this will do against them."

Ryan picked the new crossbow that he had made while he was facing the whisperers and then prepared to shoot. Furball stopped moving to give him a steady aim. When Ryan began to fire, he became even faster than a machine gun.

Frost Crossbow (Ice) (+ 3)

Effect: it grants you the power to create freezing bolts at the cost of twenty points of mana.

Dexterity + 104, Intelligence + 39

Durability: 90/90

Whenever the bolts hit the stone humans, the creatures stumbled, and the hit part froze. Despite their high endurance, Ryan managed to kill them pretty fast. After all, he could fire fourteen bolts per second when Firing Posture was active.

You obtained 450 coins.

You obtained 450 coins.

You obtained 450 coins.

Ryan didn't hesitate in killing them because he knew they were a lost cause. Still, when the fight was over, Ryan couldn't help but approach them and stare at their dead bodies for a few seconds. They still were using human clothes, but even those had become stone-like for some reason.

"I wonder why they also give me more coins than usual," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"Some humans are coming from the direction those things came from," Femradiel said.

"More of them? Speaking of which, didn't you feel their presence before the attack?" Ryan asked.

"No I didn't feel it," Femradiel replied. "As for those they are coming, I can feel their presence, and they are like yours."

That was a first then again. Ryan also noticed that Radar didn't pick them when they got close enough. It was weird that Femradiel didn't have Awareness, but that was a question for another time. Now Ryan had to decide if he should wait for the humans to come or if he should just leave.

"Well, I don't have anything to hide, and if those humans have tracking skills, they might misunderstand me if I leave after noticing them," Ryan said. "Let's confirm if the people here will be hard to interact with or not."

"Aren't you getting pretty careless as of late?" Femradiel asked.

"Not really," Ryan shrugged. "I just think that this new crossbow will be very helpful to avoid problems with other humans."

After a few minutes, a group of survivors appeared. As expected, they were fully armed and geared. Considering that Ryan only killed six stone humans, he couldn't help but frown when fifteen survivors appeared. They obviously were hunting them, but their numbers were too high given those weird creatures' strength.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mind Armor has leveled up.

Mind Armor was already being useful as soon as Ryan found some strangers. He also saw those survivors frowning. They confirmed that they couldn't see Ryan's status. As expected, that skill was way too useful.

A tall blonde woman armed with a red crossbow stepped forward while analyzing Ryan and the corpses. Her eyes were pretty serious and savage, but Ryan didn't avoid them. If humans could scare him that quickly, he would have never faced thousands of monsters alone while clearing dungeons. The woman said something, but Ryan didn't understand even a bit, but the accent made her look even angrier.

"Sorry, I don't speak Russian," Ryan said.

"American" The blond woman said while she furrowed her eyebrows. "What are you doing here? Did you kill them?"

"I am looking for special dungeons, and yes, I killed them," Ryan replied. "Were they your friends?"

"Special dungeons? What for?" The blond woman asked.

" To obtain more powerful classes," Ryan sighed since his question was ignored. "I don't mean trouble. If my presence is unwanted here, I will leave. However, I can pay a reasonable price if you give some information about the high-level dungeons."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1