Chapter 353: Talents

Chapter 353: Talents

While Furball was taking care of the monsters outside the dungeon alongside the battle machines, Ryan decided to enter the dungeon and claim his prize. Due to the circumstances, he managed to defeat the bosses while ignoring most of the mob monsters. Thanks to it, Ryan felt that the job had been completed too fast and that perhaps that wasn't a tier-three dungeon.

"You should relax," Femradiel said. "There is no way that you will get a crap class after this. How many monsters have you found so far that could affect the weather all that much?"

"None, but only because I didn't find many elemental monsters in dungeons that broke more than four times," Ryan replied.

"While that is a good reason, it is only natural that you can't find certain types of monsters everywhere," Femradiel explained. "While few monsters can choose an element to focus on, most of them have a good talent toward magic, that makes them naturally stronger."

In any case, Ryan's doubts will be cleared once he arrives at the end of the dungeon. Some whisperers tried to block his path, but Ryan didn't have to worry about one or two monsters at that point in time. Ryan's goal was much beyond the dungeon, so once he found the treasure chest, he immediately opened it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Holy Knight, Magehunter, and Shaman.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan got lucky. That dungeon really was a tier-three dungeon. Moreover, Ryan found two new classes. Shaman wasn't interesting for Ryan for the time being. As for Holy Knight, it was probably a class similar to Demon Hunter, but it was for melee fighters.

"Let's see what this bad boy has for us," Ryan said and then chose his next class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Magehunter!

You obtained the following skills: Silence, Fool's Curse, and Spiritual attack.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Silence.

Effect: It gives you the chance to seal the target's spells. The higher the level of the skill, the chances of the skill to activate.

Cost: 50 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fool's Curse.

Effect: It enchants your attacks with a powerful curse that can decrease the target's intelligence. The effect lasts for five seconds and can stack. The intelligence will be decreased according to the level of the skill. The skill only works with melee attacks.

Cost: 20 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spiritual Attack.

Effect: It grants you the power to cause direct damage to your target's mana. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill. This skill only works with melee attacks.

Cost: 30 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

It looked like this class would be very convenient when Ryan finds more of those annoying monsters that focus on using magic. The only problem was that two of them couldn't work with his long-ranged attacks.

"Well, I can't have everything that I want," Ryan shrugged.

"That is awfully optimistic coming from you," Femradiel said. "But I guess that suits you, considering that you always imagine that things will take a wrong turn somewhere."

Regardless, Ryan headed toward the exit of the dungeon and stopped to stock some potions. Just like Femradiel said, those low-quality potions started to become a problem instead of s solution to Ryan. Their effects were too weak now unfortunately, the dungeon shop doesn't sell more efficient potions.

"Next time I see the Alchemist class, I won't have any other choice aside from choosing it," Ryan nodded to himself. "That class might solve the problem of the potions."

"Shouldn't you talk with your friends at the base and ask them where you can get that class?" Femradiel asked.

"Nah, I don't want to change my course now," Ryan replied. "I already delayed this trip for too long."

There was nothing useful being sold at the dungeon shop, so Ryan left the dungeon only to see Furball still fighting. The snowstorm had lost a lot of power, and thanks to it, Ryan and even the monsters could see much more than before, and that was why Furball was still fighting.

"Let's get going, buddy," Ryan said. "We can leave some of those monsters behind for Alissa and her lackeys."

Furball barked and then obeyed Ryan's commands. Some Whisperers tried to chase them, but Ryan quickly killed them on Furball's back.

"I really need to learn spatial magic. Leaving the ballista behind is such a waste, but I can't get better spatial rings. The cost is that insane," Ryan said. "Can you use spatial magic, Femradiel?"

"No," Femradiel replied.

"Really? Orgar can use it," Ryan said.

"Some dragons are born with that kind of power. Some don't," Femradiel said. "While I can learn that by using the system that I have access to, I can't imagine such a skill being useful in combat."

"You lack imagination, I guess," Ryan said. "Well, if you can learn, humans should be able to. It is time to keep saving more coins."

"What about Cryomancy? " Femradiel asked.

"That one I will learn once I give you enough mana, but spatial magic I will buy with my own coins," Ryan replied. "Those types of skills cost a lot, in terms of price and mana, but I can't just ignore them."

Hopefully, by leveling up the skill, the spatial magic will give Ryan a lot of space to store all sorts of things, and hopefully, Ryan will have enough mana to use.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1