Chapter 355: Destination

Chapter 355: Destination

In the end, Ryan managed to find two solutions to the problem of survivability of his trolls. The first was pretty cheap. The second wasn't so cheap. Most of the time, when Ryan uses Seal to create magic items, they ended up getting the elemental properties of the monsters. Still, sometimes that doesn't happen with some defensive items and accessories. For some odd reason, whenever Ryan created a magic weapon, magic armor, or magic shield, it always created something that had elemental resistance or extra damage with the ice nature. However, Ryan managed to make some items that increased the troll's overall defense instead of elemental defense.

The not-so-cheap solution relied on magic tomes. Since the troll's Fire Resistance wasn't that strong, Ryan decided to make his monsters learn Lesser Fire Enchantment. That cost him two hundred five thousand coins, but it couldn't be helped.

"The trolls don't have much mana. Are you sure you want to give them the order to use that spell whenever possible?" Femradiel asked.

"While that is true, their recovery is stupidly high, so that increases the overall magic capacity of their mana pool," Ryan replied. "The best option would be to tame the bosses, but I can't do that after their dungeon broke four times."

In any case, Ryan ran some tests and confirmed that the overall power of his trolls increased by ten percent just by using the level Lesser Fire Enchantment. While that was good, Ryan decided to train them for a few days until the skill reached level twenty, and they could defeat other trolls while losing around ten or twenty percent of their health per fight. In the meantime, Ryan also tamed some more trolls since the skill leveled up and the monsters he left guarding the other dungeons probably died or have given their positions to those who were working for Mark.

"So, you are really planning to leave the trolls alone for a while?" Femradiel asked while Ryan was making the final preparations to resume his trip.

"Yeah, clearing this dungeon will take too much time by myself," Ryan said. "I will have to articulate and work together with Alissa and the others, but for the time being, that won't be possible since only Alissa and her lackeys are available to do this. The other guys back in the base are too busy dealing with the problems caused by demons."

Ryan recognized the fact that it might cause some problems for the whole continent to leave the trolls alone for a while. However, Ryan also acknowledged the fact that he wasn't the only one who had to solve all those issues. Besides, Ryan was already sick of the cold, and his food supply was quickly reaching its end. The last thing that Ryan wanted now was to eat something like trolls.

"Let's go, buddy," Ryan said. "We are almost at Bering strait, so I guess we are halfway through on this journey."

Hopefully, Ryan won't find many enemies while he flies over the ocean. Also, hopefully, Ryan wouldn't find many human hostiles when he reaches the next continent. While some Russians might not like Americans and Americans might not like some Russians, that was an intrigue that Ryan wasn't interested in. His fight was against monsters and the occasional assholes that he might find along the way. While he wasn't much of a fan of goody-two-shoes survivals, he wasn't unreasonable enough to be an asshole to those who were civilized.

When Ryan found the place he was looking for, he couldn't help but frown when he realized the fact that a massive block of ice was connecting the two continents. Ryan knew that something like that happened during the Ice Ages, but it still was surprising that it would happen once again.

"It looks like we won't have to fly," Ryan said.

Ryan gave Furball the order to run, and while he was focused on the surroundings to avoid unpleasant surprises, he still accepted the call via the telepathy link when Alissa used it. She wasn't bothering him as much as she had promised, so Ryan owed her at least that much respect.

"Ryan, the snowstorm lost some power. Did you do something?" Alissa asked.

"I cleared the dungeon at the eye of the storm. You will find some tier three classes there," Ryan replied.

"Where are you right now?" Alissa asked.

"Almost on the next continent," Ryan replied.

"It looks like you found another dungeon along the way. Did you have a hard time?" Alissa asked. "Or rather, did you also leave so many monsters mob monsters behind?"

"I didn't clear the dungeon, the dungeon break will happen before I can do anything, so I decided to skip it," Ryan said. "The monsters are trolls, and they are pretty tough. It will be your job to keep their numbers in check. Regardless, did you talk with Mark about the thing I talked about with you?"

"Yep, he didn't say that a new type of monster appeared in either of our coasts," Alissa replied. "I guess your Brazilian friends just got lucky that a troublesome dungeon appeared close to them. Anyway, thanks to you, I have a lot of cleaning to do, so that I will end the call now."

Alissa didn't complain as much as Ryan thought. It was probably because the whisperers and trolls would cause a lot of problems to her soldiers, which was good to make them stronger. Regardless, that talk made Ryan relax a little and then realize a certain thing he didn't think about before where would he go after he reaches the continent? Finding tier-three dungeons in the Russian territory by himself or looking for survivors? If he chooses the second option, what were his chances of finding a Russian who could speak English?

"Maybe I should stick with my old plan and travel through the coast while heading southward to escape this hellish cold," Ryan said. "Finding anything within this massive territory will be hard, but there are some places in which it will be easier to find dungeons. Japan is one of them."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1