Chapter 354: Ice Trolls

Chapter 354: Ice Trolls

While Ryan and Furball had to clean the path a little bit since they found many Whisperers along the way, things were looking good. The snowstorm decreased in power by the day, and the cold was also dropping, much to Furball's happiness. However, when they were crossing Alaska, Ryan found another type of enemy in the distance. Those creatures were a bit different from the ones Ryan saw in some games. First of all, their skin was light blue as if it had changed to withstand the cold. Aside from that, their arms were pretty long, so they kind of moved like gorillas. Some of them had those massive pillars of ice and used them as weapons, and despite their size, which was equal to golems and giants, they were pretty fast.

Ice Troll  Lv 210

Health: 10.000/10.000

Mana: 1500/1500

Stamina: 5.000/5.000

Strength: 5000

Dexterity: 1000

Speed: 2000

Intelligence: 1000

Endurance: 5000

Control: 500

Mentality: 2000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 15000

Willpower: 2000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bash Lv 180,

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 150, Steel Skin Lv 120, Improved Strength Lv 100, Regeneration Lv 100

Spells: Ice Pillar Lv 120, Ice Armor Lv 100,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 300, Wind Resistance Lv 100, Fire Resistance Lv 100

"Things are just getting better and better," Ryan said with a semi annoyed expression on his face.

"Those look like very troublesome foes," Femradiel said. "However, it looks like they are just a scout group. I can feel the location of the dungeon a few kilometers in the north."

"So, I can avoid the dungeon, huh." Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Taking out these guys will take a real while, but there is no mistake that their dungeon is a tier-three dungeon what to do?"

The fifth dungeon break will happen in less than ten days. Unless Ryan creates some magic items that will use those juggernauts' elemental weaknesses, he couldn't imagine himself winning the fight in that time.

"Well, there is no point in trying to defeat all of them in my head before killing a single one of them in reality," Ryan said and prepared his crossbow. "Let's see how well they fare against poison."

After concentrating for a few seconds, Ryan fired and hit all the trolls with several bolts. The creatures grunted in pain while their health was quickly decreasing. However, they immediately found Ryan, and the poison didn't stop them from charging toward him.

"Yeah, I really need a more powerful crossbow," Ryan said and then began to fire again.

It was a pain since that would consume a lot of his time, but Ryan decided to use Seal on the trolls after damaging quite a bit of their limbs. The skill needed to level up to create more magic items, after all, and that would be the first step for Ryan to obtain a more powerful weapon.

While Rya hoped that the arrows he made would be a bit different due to the trolls' nature, he just ended up creating those same freezing arrows. It was too much work to create them, but Ryan had no other choice in the end.

"Wait maybe I should tame some trolls," Ryan said. "Unlike most monsters, they can use weapons, so if I equip them correctly, they will become a splendid force."

"That is an interesting idea," Femradiel said. "Still, even if you do that, you will have to train them for quite a while before they can hunt several trolls alone."

"That is where the items will come in handy," Ryan said. "I already have an interesting combination in mind."

Ryan looked for some small group of trolls, and just like before, he attacked their limbs and before paralyzing them completely. Once that happened, Ryan began to use Tame on them. For some reason, probably because the trolls were more intelligent than most monsters, Ryan had a hard time taming them, but eventually, Ryan obtained five trolls.

"Now you guys should throw away your old weapons and try this," Ryan said and then gave one of his trolls a usable replica of his crossbow.

Steel Crossbow

Effect: Consumes eight points of mana to create a steel bolt.

Dexterity + 15

Durability: 50/50

Ryan frowned when he saw the trolls trying to put their fingers in the trigger and failing at it their fingers were too big. After that, Ryan sighed but then laughed. Regardless, it took a while, but eventually, Ryan managed to create a bigger version to be tested.

Giant Steel Crossbow

Effect: Consumes fifteen points of mana to create a steel bolt.

Dexterity + 30

Durability: 100/100

After looking for a while, but eventually found a troll to test against his tamed monster. As expected, due to their sizes, the trolls were much stealthy, but his side still had the advantage of the preemptive strike. However, due to the massive amount of health and recovery the trolls had, Ryan's troll only decreased the target's health by fifty percent. Once the enemy got too close, Ryan gave his troll in order to use their ice club.

"It is a bit worse than I expected" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Even if Ryan keeps increasing his weapons quality, he could only improve it so much in a few days' time. Ryan knew that he should enchant his weapons with Seal and use Magic Upgrade to increase its attack. However, the elemental nature of the trolls, Ryan couldn't use the trolls' souls. The best option was apparently to enchant the crossbows with thunder element, but Ryan never found monsters with that kind of nature.

Ryan will have to find a solution to that problem without leaving that area, it didn't seem possible, but he wasn't going to give up so soon. After all, even though it was virtually impossible to clear the troll's dungeon before the fifth dungeon break, Ryan at least had to keep the number of spawned monsters under control, and he will use his tamed creatures to do that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1