Chapter 352: Mystic Cape

Chapter 352: Mystic Cape

"It is finally your time to shine, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"Are you finally thinking about using Draconic Transformation?" Femradiel asked, and her voice seemed full of expectation.

"Nope, you will shine by using my Telepathy to make mana potions being poured over me," Ryan said. "If I give you permission, you can use my spatial ring, right?"

" Yes," Femradiel said, and she seemed pretty pissed.

"Then, your job will be to use potions," Ryan said.

Since the ice crystals left their position around the dungeon, it meant that Ryan could enter the dungeon. The only real problem was that he couldn't use Earth Manipulation to reach the dungeon's last part. The very moment he reached the entrance by using an underground route, his magic stopped working on the ground. From that point onward, he will have to show himself to the enemies.

"You sound pissed, but this is an important job," Ryan said. "Do you want to do something else?"

"Do you think so?" Femradiel asked. "Why would a dragon feel unhappy when being treated like a servant?"

"And you said you didn't have much of your pride left," Ryan shrugged, "If you think you can do two things at the same time, you can attack with Electric Bullets as well. However, if my mana began to reach a dangerous level, you will have to focus on using mana potions."

Femradiel had more or less idea what Ryan was planning, but she couldn't imagine that he would need all that much mana. Regardless, she decided to focus as well since there was no telling what might happen, and those bosses would be a problem even in her draconic form.

When Ryan's focus reached the peak, he activated Ranger's Awakening and immediately opened the path above him. When the monsters finally felt his presence, Ryan already was deep inside the dungeon in his firing posture. Like a machine-gun, he began to pull the trigger of his crossbow. In a single second, an Ice Crystal was killed by Ryan when fourteen bolts pierced its body. Femradiel opened her eyes in amazement since she didn't think Ryan could attack that fast.

Ryan selected his next target, and the poor creature suffered from the same fate. However, before the third could fall, the ice crystals began to fire Ice Lances toward him. By using Flash, Ryan avoided them all while he kept shooting, but soon his mana reached a dangerous level.

"Femradiel!" Ryan shouted.

"My bad, my bad!" Femradiel said and finally began her work.

Femradiel made dozens of potions recover Ryan's mana, so he resumed his attacks. That scene repeated itself for a while, and then when the thirtieth ice crystal died, the bosses finally understood that they wouldn't be able to hit Ryan unless they filled the entire dungeon with Ice Spears. No, even if they do that, Ryan can use Flash to dodge all the attacks. Without any other choice, the monsters dashed toward the dungeon, even though the place was too narrow for three of them to pass at the same time.

"I have been waiting for this," Ryan smirked. "It is showtime, buddy!"

Furball barked and then began to fire Electric Bullets. While he didn't cause damage, Furball delayed the monsters for a few important fractions of a second. Now that the bosses were even closer, Ryan could use even more mana, so he activated Rapid Shot.

"Those are low-quality mana potions, you know," Femradiel protested. "Even if I focus on using only that, I won't be able to recover more mana that you can spend!"

"It is all right. Just keep working fast," Ryan said.

The bosses began to die in droves, so Active Spiritual Recovery began to shine again. Moreover, the snowstorm was losing power every time the ice crystals died, so Ryan's vision of the outside was improving, and that gave him the chance to see his battle machines killing some whisperers that were coming to help the bosses. That increased his mana regeneration even more.

Ryan thanked that unexpected event and enchanted his bolts with Electric Enchantment. Much faster than before, the bosses began to die one after the other. Some of them eventually reached the dungeon and entered to attack Ryan. Their presence alone made the area much colder, but in the end, they only became easy targets for Ryan. Those who started to shine and prepared Absolute Zero had been the focus of Ryan's attention, so the situation remained under Ryan's control the whole time. In the end all the bosses finally died by his hands.

"Man, I love to fight in narrow places," Ryan sighed in relief when the fight ended.

That wasn't something an archer should say, but fortunately, Ryan had the skills to turn such a disadvantageous environment into another weapon at his disposal. Regardless, the job wasn't over since some whisperers managed to pass the perimeter due to their sheer numbers.

"Go play with them, buddy," Ryan said to Furball while he created some battle machines and put them on his back.

Furball barked in agreement and then left the dungeon in a hurry since the place was colder than outside. It was finally time for the good part: get the loot. Much to Ryan's surprise, it looked like he had been quite lucky. The drops were pretty high quality, but some of them stood out above the others.

Azure Edge (Ice)

Effect: It freezes the foe upon contact. The ice damage is equal to your intelligence + (200%) per second. Strength + 150, Endurance + 120

Durability: 250/250

Frozen Amulet

Effect: Increases your resistance against all ice-type attacks by ten percent.

Mentality + 40, Willpower + 40

Durability: 30/30

Mystic cape

Effect: When charged with mana, this cape activates a shield to block surprise attacks to a certain extent.

Intelligence + 30, Recovery + 30

Charge: 0/500

Durability: 120/120

The other items were pretty good as well, but Ryan decided to use Deconstruct on them and level up Cold Resistance and Freeze Resistance a little bit more. Hopefully, the weather will get better since he defeated the bosses, but he couldn't bet just on hope.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1