Chapter 365: Medusas

Chapter 365: Medusas

Medusa  Lv 350

Health: 25.000/25.000

Mana: 55.000/55.000

Stamina: 15.000/15.000

Strength: 1000

Dexterity: 3000

Speed: 1500

Intelligence: 7500 (+1500)

Endurance: 2000

Control: 3500 (+500)

Mentality: 5000 (+500)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 10.000 (+1500)

Willpower: 5000 (+500)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Scream Lv 300

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 320, Improved Intelligence Lv 250

Spells: Petrifying Gaze Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 300, Cold Resistance Lv 300, Freeze Resistance Lv 300, Shock Resistance Lv 300, Poison Resistance Lv 300, Petrification Resistance Lv 500,

"Femradiel, you said that the number of bosses was over four hundred why I see only ten of them?" Ryan asked.

"The last time I checked, their numbers were much higher" Femradiel said, and she looked as confused as Ryan. "I guess they noticed that someone troublesome was coming, and they decided to kill each other to create a small, but much more powerful army of bosses. If you look carefully, you can see some piles of stones around the dungeon."

The dungeon was located in a valley that had just a few trees. There were some others' traces, but it looked like those turned into stones and then disintegrated after a while when the battle between the bosses occurred. Regardless, the monsters' level was worrisome, but what impressed Ryan most was the fact that the bosses pretty much resembled ordinary women. They were a bit tall, like more than two meters tall, but there were no snakes in the place of hair. The bosses wore those old one-piece dresses that many saw in some drawings that intended to represent how certain types of people used in ancient Greece. Aside from that, the Medusas pretty much didn't look alike. Some were black-haired, some were blond, some even had red hair Regardless, even from so far away, Ryan could tell that their eyes were crimson red, and they were ready to fight.

"You didn't mention that they looked so human," Ryan said.

"That is just a small detail," Natasha said. "Anyway, I am more worried as to why their numbers are so low, but their levels are so high."

Ryan explained to Natasha, and Femradiel told him. Still it looked that all his preparations had been for naught. While those creatures' statuses weren't that impressive given their level, Ryan knew that the soldiers who might get hit by a single time Petrifying Gaze would turn into stone in just a few seconds.

The soldiers knew that, so their high-morale instant dropped to low levels when they found the dungeon. In all honest, Ryan didn't know if he was thankful for the fact that the number of monsters decreased. Maybe he could kill one with his barrage of bolts at a certain distance, but once the others close in, Ryan was certain that he couldn't escape. They had the double of his speed, after all. Not even Flash will save his ass once several of those creatures get close enough.

"What if we follow the legend and use the same method that the hero used to kill the Medusa?" Natasha asked.

"You are joking, right?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "As if such obvious thing would work. Even if that did happen in reality, I am pretty sure those creatures would know that and wouldn't fall for the same trick."

"You have a point" Natasha said. "Anyway, I never thought that while even have the numerical advantage, we would feel so insecure. We have some ideas in how to deal with them, but I don't think we can prepare in time."

"What are your ideas?" Ryan asked.

"Cover ourselves in full armor and not expose a single part of our bodies, that way, we can at least block their Petrifying Gaze a few times," Natasha said. "We will have to throw away the parts hit by it, but I guess it is better than fighting unprotected."

While thinking for a while, Ryan recognized that it was a decent idea. It just needed some adaptations. Even if they use a shield or something else to block petrifying gaze, the effect will eventually pass to other parts of the equipment or their bodies if they keep holding that equipment.

"Most of you guys have decent long-ranged spells, right?" Ryan asked. "Instead of focusing on defense, you should focus on attacking."

" That doesn't seem like a wise idea," Natasha frowned.

"We don't want to let our numbers decrease. We don't want to let anyone become a status in front of others either since that will cause unrest," Ryan said. "So, our main focus will be to prevent that. Full armor and big shields will only slow down you guys, and given the difference in speed, that isn't a good idea. So, I will focus on defense for you guys."

"How so?" Natasha frowned.

"Like this, I guess," Ryan said.

Ryan used Earth Manipulation and made some blocks of earth fly around them. They were big enough to cover even the bosses, so their attacks won't turn anyone into stone unless they fly or jump. Ryan considered creating proper shields to withstand the monsters' power, but that would be a waste of time.

"I guess that might work," Natasha rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "If you control ten of them every single moment, you can block all the petrifying gazes of the monsters, and that skill is the real problem. Still, you will have to show everyone that you can watch their backs with those. Just the theory alone won't make them think that this is a good idea."

Ryan nodded. He wished that he had done that sooner when the number of Cursed Eyes was high. Regardless, even though it took a while for the newly spawned Cursed Eyes to find them, Ryan managed to make a demonstration of what he was planning.

Somehow, he convinced one of the soldiers to fight alone against three Cursed Eyes, and against that number of foes, Ryan easily managed to block their field of vision toward the soldier. When the earth blocks got petrified, Ryan threw them toward the monsters and bought some seconds, while he created other blocks. Thanks to it, they managed to convince the other survivors that that was a fight that they could win.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1