Chapter 367: 2 Vs 1

Chapter 367: 2 vs 1

The two bosses suffered considerable damage since Ryan was only focused on them, but eventually, they decided to ignore Ryan's ax and focus on the hammer. Thanks to it, they managed to grab the weapon and then look at it, transforming into stone and then breaking into many pieces.

"You are going to pay for that" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Ryan activated Perfect Aim and then selected his target: the eyes of the wounded boss. He made rain bolts over the monster's face, and the creature couldn't do anything aside from using its arms to block the projectiles. The other boss tried to use Petrifying Gaze, but since Ryan was dozens of meters above ground level, their attack never reached him. The monster hesitated while it was thinking about what to do, and Ryan used that chance to activate Firing Posture. The number of his attacks increased exponentially, and eventually; the poisonous effect of his crossbow was causing stupid amounts of damage on the wounded boss.

The second creature tried to buy some time by leaping and attacking Ryan, but Femradiel stopped the creature by smashing its face with a block of earth. The monster fell, and while it was recovering from the impact, Ryan finished off the other one.

You obtained 1.110.000 coins.

"While I congratulate you for defeating another, your supply of mana is quickly running out," Femradiel warned. "You might wanna focus more and rely less on Perfect Aim. Otherwise, your attack speed will decrease exponentially."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. Still, he wanted to finish a few more monsters without worrying about his supplies. It didn't look like Natasha, and the others had killed even one of the other bosses, so Ryan couldn't see any other way out of that situation. No, there was a way out

After grabbing the Paralyzing Spear from the spatial ring, Ryan made the ax spin and then proceeded to fire it at the boss that was targeting him. In the end, the monster grabbed the weapon with both hands and stopped its momentum. The beast looked at the weapon and tried to petrify it. However, it was forced to stop when a sharp pain on its back suddenly was felt. The creature tried to look behind, but it failed in doing so. It was only obvious that the monster wouldn't see that the Paralyzing Spear had pierced its back.

Ryan recovered his hammer and then used Purification to stop the effects of Petrifying Gaze. After that, he made bolts rain down over the monster while he was using Telekinesis to make his spear spin even on the back of the monster.

"Woah you are really nasty," Femradiel said.

"Focus on your job. If you fail, I won't trust you any important task in the future," Ryan said.

Despite saying that, Ryan knew that Femradiel had things under control. That was obvious since Natasha wasn't asking for help. Even though she and her friends were facing seven bosses. Regardless, little by little the boss Ryan was facing was losing health at a quick pace. In the end, two other bosses tried to target Ryan before he could finish the third monster, but they acted too late for that.

You obtained 1.110.000 coins.

You obtained 75.365 coins.

At the same time, Ryan finished the third monster, Natasha and the others killed their first boss. Ryan sighed in relief, but the mood soon changed when the two bosses returned, and he noticed that something was off. One Medusa was carrying the other on her back. Ryan attacked both of them, and Femradiel tried to smash them with a stone block. However, when that happened, the second once jumped and dodged the attack. Femradiel used another earth block, the boss used Petrifying Gaze, and the first monster fired several Stone Arrows to destroy it.

Ryan tried to escape by using Flash, but in the end, the boss's skill still touched his legs and petrified them instantly, and Flash failed for some reason

"You have got to be kidding me," Ryan clenched his teeth and activated Purification.

In the end, Ryan recovered his legs, but not before the monster could grab him by shoulders and forced him to look into their eyes. Ryan closed his eyes immediately but still managed to make his magic weapons leave his spatial ring and attack the monster.

Ryan did all that while constantly using Purification, but somehow, his mana never reached the bottom. Femradiel tried to move away from the monster by hitting it with the earth blocks, but the boss had no intention of letting Ryan go, and its grips were crushing Ryan's shoulders.

"Can I do something else?" Femradiel asked. "It will be hard to solve this situation by relying on your powers alone."

"You already are doing too much," Ryan muttered. "Explain to me how come my mana isn't dropping?"

"I have no idea" Femradiel said.

In the end, Ryan finally hit the monster's back with his Paralyzing Spear, and the grip on his shoulders weakened, and he freed himself. He used Flash to escape to the sky and also saw the ground near the boss cracking. Soon after, the other boss that attacked him appeared. Femradiel didn't have even the decency to admit that she was doing more than Ryan told her to

Powered by anger, Ryan made his Incomplete Reptilian Transformation move to his head. After that, he made several earth arrows appear around the bosses. Before they could try to do anything, he attacked them. The overall damage was barely noticeable, but Ryan managed to make Bleed be activated in many parts of their bodies.

After seeing the monsters bleeding like a waterfall, he managed to calm down a little. One of the bosses tried to leap toward Ryan while the other still was being impaled by the Paralyzing Spear, but then the monster received a warm welcome. Ryan finally took out his shield from his spatial ring and smashed the monster with it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1