Chapter 360: Cursed Eye

Chapter 360: Cursed Eye

Cursed Eye Lv 190

Health: 2500/2500

Mana: 4000/4000

Stamina: 2000/2000

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 1200

Speed: 500

Intelligence: 1500

Endurance: 500

Control: 1000

Mentality: 1000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 1500

Willpower: 1000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Concentration Lv 100, Passive Recovery Lv 150

Spells: Petrifying Gaze Lv 200, Fly Lv 120

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 120, Electric Resistance Lv 120, Poison Resistance Lv 150

While they weren't as creepy as the Behold in Ryan's head, the Cursed Eyes were pretty ugly. They were basically gigantic eyeballs that could fly around and survive with the bare amount of flesh necessary in their bodies, after all.

Although that small city which was located at Natasha's base, had hundreds of survivors and even had ten meters tall walls, they were failing at containing the monsters' advance. Natasha and her friends hurried to join the fight.

"What should I do?" Ryan asked.

"If you wish to help, you will have to stay close to me, or that will cause some problems later," Natasha said.

Ryan made Furball follow Natasha's pace, and when she grabbed her crossbow, Ryan did the same, but instead of waiting for her order to commence the attack, Ryan did it from his position. He made his bolts rain over the monsters, and even though they were five hundred meters away from him, Ryan didn't miss a single shot. Unfortunately, he aimed to freeze them instead of killing them, but that didn't happen. The Cursed Eyes slowed down thanks to the weapon's enchantment, but only that since their mentality and willpower was high.

Regardless, Ryan's attacks gave a chance to Natasha's group to join the fight before hundreds of the monsters could fly above the walls. Upon noticing that he wasn't alone and he didn't have to kill all of the monsters by himself, Ryan focused on hitting as many monsters as possible with Arrow Shower. Even so, occasionally, he killed one or another beast.

You obtained 140 coins.

You obtained blue soul essence.

You obtained 140 coins.

You obtained green soul essence.

Weirdly enough, the essences that Ryan could use to create potions couldn't be seen. It was even weirder that the same type of monster could give him different essences. Ryan changed his actions again and focused on killing as many monsters as possible since he will need those essences to train the alchemist's skills. Despite that, a Cursed Eye still managed to fire a ray of energy toward Ryan. Furball moved to the side, but Ryan's right leg still got hit. He felt shivers while his leg was turned into stone, and he lost the feeling of it.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Petrification Resistance.

Effect: Decreases the effectiveness of petrification spells and skills by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Son of a bitch" Ryan fired several bolts and finished the monster.

His leg didn't turn to normal despite his actions, and the petrification still was moving across Ryan's leg. However, when he used Purification, the multiplication stopped and even decreased in size. After using it two more times, Ryan was back to normal.

"Phew that was scary," Ryan muttered.

"So, you can even do that, huh," Natasha said. "Can I ask you a favor?"

"You want me to focus on helping those who got hit by the Petrifying Gaze?" Ryan asked.

"Yes," Natasha said.

"Well I don't mind, but later, you will have to give me free reins to hunt the monsters of this area," Ryan said.

"That can be done. I am the leader of this place," Natasha said.

While it was a pity, it was a sacrifice Ryan had to make in order to gain the confidence of the people of the region. Regardless, Ryan moved around as fast as possible to help those who were panicking due to the petrification. However, Purification consumed too much mana, and the number of survivors suffering from those status effects was pretty high.

"Are you still using Zen, Femradiel?" Ryan said.

"I told you, I never stop using it," Femradiel replied.

In the end, Ryan sighed because he was forced to use his Spatial Ring and get some potions. While that was something everyone will have someday, Ryan didn't want to let others know that he had one. Regardless, Ryan's speed of recovering the survivors increased, the panic stopped spreading, and they rejoined the fight without fearing their death since they knew someone could heal them.

The fight didn't last long once that happened. Without the fear of becoming statues, the survivors showed their true might and slew the monsters easily. Since the monsters focused on petrifying the survivors, not a single one died in that fight. Natasha sighed in relief when she confirmed that not a single one of her subordinates became statues and were captured while she was away.

"Thanks, you saved our asses," Natasha smiled and then bowed slightly.

"There is no need for thanks. Just allow me to hunt the monsters as promised," Ryan said.

"What is the name of that skill?" Natasha asked.

"Purification is a skill that I obtained after getting a level three class," Ryan replied.

"Is that so I don't remember finding a tome with that name in any dungeon shops." Natasha rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "We need that skill to decrease the number of losses on our side."

"Well, you are pretty far away from the dungeon where you can get the class," Ryan said.

In the end, Natasha put that matter aside. While they won the battle, the war wasn't over yet. In any case, Ryan confirmed that Medusa's dungeon hadn't been cleared yet. The Cursed Eyes level was just too high, even though they weren't that resilient and tough to kill.

"Now, the only question is how many bosses I will have to kill. The fifth dungeon break is also about to happen I have to consider many things here." Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and considered the situation while looking at the horizon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1