Chapter 366: Team Work

Chapter 366: Team work

Ryan, Natasha, and the others found the dungeon around noon. They wouldn't have much time to defeat all the bosses, but they still decided to face them that same day. There were some reasons for that. Even though Ryan and Natasha convinced the survivors to fight, they might change their minds if they return to their homes. While that wasn't really a problem for Ryan, he wanted to make his job easier by fighting with as many soldiers as possible.

After making some preparations, which were mostly just making some blocks of earth in which the Medusas wouldn't break so easily with a body slam or something. Ryan proceeded to pick his Sagittarians' bow. He couldn't use his enchanted arrows with his crossbow after all.

"Do you have a collection of weapons or something?" Natasha asked.

Since he was concentrating, Ryan ignored Natasha's question. He couldn't afford to fail right now, and Ryan was determined to kill at least a single boss with the first strike. Despite the apparent reason for his action, Femradiel still decided to talk with him in such an important moment.

"If you don't mind, I can help you a little bit in this fight," Femradiel said. "I can control the earth blocks with Telekinesis, or I can control your arms and fight with the crossbows. The choice is yours."

"Did you forget our deal?" Ryan asked.

"No I was just trying to help since you are so afraid of letting those strangers down," Femradiel replied.

"Are you better than me at using Telekinesis?" Ryan asked.

"I am, but you wouldn't want me to use my powers, right?" Femradiel said. "I was going to fight relying on your status. At the very least, I can be as good as you. Perhaps a little more if I don't use Zen."

That was more than good enough in the end, Ryan let Femradiel join the fight. There was no reason to let his pride get in the way when human lives were on the line. It would be disastrous if they lose humans with that level of strength, after all.

Ryan began to prepare his Power Shot. While Natasha and her allies already expected that he would use that skill, they didn't expect that Ryan would charge it for more than ten minutes, even without using any potions. Eventually, there was so much energy on the projectile that even without using Appraisal or Analysis, Natasha noticed that Ryan was being damaged, just like his bow. At the last moment, Ryan activated Incomplete Reptilian Transformation, Deadly Aim, Perfect Aim, and then fired. Even before the arrow could land on the target, Ryan had already stored away his bow and equipped his crossbows.

Three kilometers away from their current position, a massive explosion happened, but the energy only spread for a single moment since Ryan used a frost arrow. In the end, the legs of three Medusas froze, and other received considerable damage, but Ryan failed at killing the one he aimed at.

Ryan didn't even waste time clicking his tongue. He just aimed his crossbows at his first target and made bolts rain over the beast. While the monsters were recovering from the Power Shot, Ryan managed to finish off his first target, but when that happened, the others found him, Natasha, and the soldiers.

You obtained 1.110.000 coins.

Ryan selected a new target, but in just a few seconds, he missed so many times that he couldn't help but frown. The speed of the Medusas running wasn't a joke in the end, Ryan was forced to fire his frost arrows toward the monsters in order to slow them down a little bit. It worked, but Ryan barely caused any damage.

Natasha and the others only joined the fight when the bosses were five hundred meters away from them, and their accuracy dropped even more than Ryan's. While they were approaching, the bosses tried to hit Ryan with Stone Arrows that looked more like Stone Spears, but he dodged them all while he fired his bolts. Two medusas jumped to attack him, but they only hit the air when Ryan used Flash.

The other monsters finally reached the survivors on the ground, but since they tried to split apart from them with their bare hands, Femradiel stopped them by firing the stone blocks at their faces. The bosses got stunned by the attack, and the survivors bombarded them with magic attacks, Ryan joined them. Still, even so, the monsters were barely flinching as expected of the elemental resistances that were above three hundred.

"It looks like they are also weak against earth magic," Femradiel said.

"Not like I can attack with a crossbow that have such elemental affinity," Ryan protested.

The two medusas that attacked Ryan were back for more, and it looked like they had no intention of letting him attack nonstop. Ryan used Flash again, and immediately took out his hammer and axe from the special ring.

"I won't be able to protect them effectively if you move away from your current position," Femradiel warned. "Also, while relying on your status, you shouldn't control more than two of those magic weapons. Otherwise, you will have a hard time using potions."

Ryan already knew that, but he didn't complain. He made his weapons spin as fast as possible before making them fly toward the monsters. Hopefully those won't turn into stones too fast. Ryan really likes their effects, after all. The bosses tried to punch away the magic weapons and actually, one of them succeeded, but the other broke its arm when it got hit by the hammer. Ryan chose those weapons for their weight, but he had forgotten that the earth element enchanted the hammer. Ryan smirked thanks to that

After making sure to aim at their lower half, Ryan made his hammer spin again, while the ax was flying around the monsters to draw their attention. While the wounded boss was trying to prevent its legs from being crushed and the other was focused on the ax, Ryan made the remaining frost arrows rain over them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1