Chapter 369: Celebration

Chapter 369: Celebration

As expected, the new class wouldn't help Ryan all that much to improve his archer's skills. Still, those were pretty interesting skills. Sonic Blade was particularly interesting since Ryan had to use mana and stamina because it was the first skill. Regardless, he stepped back to give Natasha and the others the chance to pick their own classes.

"Mission accomplished," Femradiel said. "What is the next step?"

"Wait for Natasha to help me," Ryan replied. "Based on what she told me, the other tier three dungeons in this country have already been cleared. Based on my experience, tons of people would be there waiting every day to get their hands on those classes, so I have to rely on her."

"Despite everything, you still want to be diplomatic, huh," Femradiel said. "Anyway, I will return to my plan of focusing on using Zen."

Since Natasha and her friends had already decided a long time ago which type of fighters they wanted to be, they didn't waste much time choosing their next classes. Unfortunately, some of them didn't get a chance to pick a new class, but they felt satisfied in staying behind to keep guarding the dungeon.

"I guess it is time to celebrate," Natasha smiled from ear to ear. "Let's drink until we fall!"

It was the first time Ryan saw Natasha in a non-combat mode, and now he finally realized that she was amazingly beautiful. Given that she was tall, blond, blue-eyed, and Russian, he could picture her as a model quite easily. Still, weirdly enough, Ryan only realized those facts objectively. He didn't think of getting closer to her it looked like he wasn't just traumatized with redheads. He was also traumatized by too attractive women. That was sad in many ways,

"When are we going to the next dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"Already in a business mode?" Natasha asked. "With my current speed, we will have to run for thirty-six hours to reach the next level three dungeon. So, we can go tomorrow morning."

"Will you be up for such a journey after partying the entire night?" Ryan asked.

"I am a responsible leader. You can rest assured that everything will be ready tomorrow at the first light," Natasha said.

After returning to the camp, Natasha gave some survivors the order to bring the best food and drinks. Only at times like these people could truly relax. However, Ryan decided to celebrate on the city's walls while resting his body against Furball's warm fur. Some survivors came to greet him and offer drinks, but Ryan didn't understand a single thing they said. Still, he managed to solve the situation by forcing a few smiles and drinking a few vodka shots. Russians really liked their vodka, so they didn't offer too much to Ryan, fortunately.

At the end, when morning came, the whole camp was silent since pretty much everyone was dead drunk. Aside from Ryan and Furball, no one else was guarding the place or was up for battle.

"Responsible leader, huh," Ryan facepalmed.

There was no point in being unpleasant at such a moment, so Ryan waited until noon while taking a few naps for Natasha. She showed up around that time, looking like crap. As expected, she was enduring one hell of a hangover.

"You can climb on Furball if you want. Just give him the directions," Ryan said with a smile on his face.

"Oh I will accept your kind offer," Natasha said.

In the end, Natasha regretted accepting that offer. Furball's speed was insane. Thanks to it, Natasha's stomach quickly turned up. After throwing up just a single time, he decided to run, but since her speed in that state was laughable, Ryan gave her a ride with a stone block. While it was fast thanks to Ryan's telekinesis, it was much steadier, so Natasha had a pleasant trip while she was recovering from the hangover.

"With this current speed, I guess we will arrive tomorrow before sunset," Natasha said. "Can you keep it up?"

"No problem," Ryan said while he was on Furball's back.

"Now that we are here, I can give you some warning," Natasha said. "You worked hard to earn our trust, but I don't think things will work out that easily on the two next dungeons."

"I already imagined that," Ryan said.

"The number of survivors in those two camps is pretty high, but that isn't a problem. The problem is the leaders of those places," Natasha said. "They are real troublesome nationalists, and they value certain things above anything else, aside from their nationalism. You will have a hard time there, but if you endure everything quietly, we can clear the dungeon in just a few days."

"That will depend on what I will have to endure," Ryan said. "You already saw me acting with you and your friends. That is as much as diplomatic I can be."

In the end, Natasha sighed. While she didn't know Ryan for a long time, it was clear that he wasn't someone who would let others do whatever they want to him. He was strong, and while he wasn't arrogant, he wasn't a pushover either. Natasha could tell that Ryan had to do many unpleasant things to survive, and she could know that he killed many humans, and he wouldn't hesitate to do that again if it is necessary.

"I don't like those two either, but despite everything, they are respected leaders. Many even idolize them," Natasha said. "If you accept their provocations, you will end up making an enemy out of many people."

"Well, I will try my best to avoid wasting my time," Ryan said. "I also don't kill indiscriminately; I only kill those who point their weapons at me. I can't lower my standards any further, so I will rely on you to prevent those things might escalate to a dangerous level."

"I will do my best, but don't expect miracles," Natasha shrugged.

Ryan and Natasha kept traveling westward until they found the next day another walled city that he had no idea how to pronounce the name. Unlike the place Natasha was living, that camp was at least twenty times larger, and Ryan was expecting an equally massive number of survivors living there. Regardless, Ryan was genuinely impressed by how much of a good job the place's leader had done. While Natasha described them as unpleasant people, at least they were competent. Ryan and Natasha didn't find a single monster in hundreds of kilometers, after all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1