Chapter 368: New Class

Chapter 368: New class

In the air, and while it was falling, the monster couldn't do anything. So, Ryan pierced the monster with his three fire swords. While they didn't have much piercing power like the Paralyzing Spear, Ryan solved that problem by making them spin.

"Let's hope that you won't get addicted to using your weapons like a skewer," Femradiel said.

The monster tried to use Petrifying Gaze on the fire swords, but whenever it tried, Ryan attacked its face with his bolts. Little by little, thanks to the power of his Telekinesis, Ryan stabbed through the monsters with his magic weapons. Femradiel was right, that was a pretty nasty way to kill an enemy, but Ryan couldn't care less about that. In the end, the monsters died at the same time, unable to resist the power of Ryan's magic weapons passing through them.

You obtained 854.632 coins.

You obtained 785.998 coins.

Ryan sighed in relief again, but then he quickly looked at the battlefield near him. Natasha and her friends were still fighting the remaining bosses, and after a few seconds, another one fell. Ryan decided to give them a hand, but Natasha stopped him.

"Stop! We can do this!" Natasha said while she was running around healing those who had got hit by the Petrifying Gaze. "If we do less than you together, we will only be embarrassing ourselves."

Ryan couldn't see any meaning in that when he already did more than them faster, but in the end, he decided to just watch the fight. Femradiel kept using earth of blocks to stop the monsters now and then, but only that.

"For someone so greedy, I didn't expect you would leave them alone when there are so many coins to be received," Femradiel said.

"I don't want to hear that from a dragon," Ryan said. "Regardless, this is necessary to make Natasha feel indebted to me. Humans are troublesome creatures, but I can tell that Natasha is someone who has a deep sense of responsibility. After this, she will be much more helpful than before."

"You certainly are calculative," Femradiel said.

"I would like to think that I am just using my head. After all, I need to be rewarded for my work here," Ryan said. "Without me, they would have never cleared the dungeon."

It took a while, but in the end, Natasha and the others managed to defeat the bosses without losing a single soldier before sunset. The battle had been so intense for them that they had to let themselves fall on the ground bathed with their blood and the monsters' blood.

While they were resting, Ryan sent a skeleton to inside the dungeon. He gave the monster the order to reach the end and then return as fast as possible. Some Cursed Eyes would spawn, so he made the skeleton carry five battle machines that would probably be enough to defeat the mob monsters. If there is a boss hidden in there, the skeleton won't return but in the end, the skelly returned.

"Enough resting," Natasha declared. "It is time to harvest the fruits of our hard work."

Much to everyone's surprise, the medusas didn't drop anything. While they received a lot of coins, they still hoped that they would receive items or tomes. Ryan even forgot to look for those. He truly was only interested in the next class. Much to Ryan's surprise, the underground dungeon was really different from the ordinary ones. The walls weren't as rustic as the others. In fact, it looked like they were in some sort of building that had many walls and intersections it looked like a real maze.

"What was the story where a Greek hero had to find a monster in a labyrinth?" Ryan asked. "Was it the minotaur? The Medusa? Or both?"

"I don't remember that either" Natasha frowned.

Ryan was forced to raise his guard again, but in the end, he only found Cursed Eyes along the way. The maze wasn't that complex either, so after a couple of hours, they found the last part of the dungeon.

"You can go first, Ryan," Natasha said. "Without you, we wouldn't have won against those beasts."

"You are right," Ryan shrugged.

"You could learn to be a bit humbler, though," Natasha laughed.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Royal Guard, Dark Slayer, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

At that point in time, it was only natural that Ryan wouldn't be able to recognize if he saw a class or not before. Conjurer, he was certain that he had seen, but not Royal Guard. As for Dark Slayer, he was certain that the class was a new one. It didn't look like a proper long-ranged class, but Ryan picked that anyway.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Dark Slayer!

You obtained the following skills: Sonic Blade, Hunt, and Motivation.

Your stamina and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sonic Blade.

Effect: It grants you the power to enchant a melee weapon with pure energy and fire the energy as a projectile at the enemy at supersonic speed. The damage caused will be equal to your strength, intelligence, and dexterity plus one percent per level.

Cost: 100 mana and 100 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hunt.

Effect: It grants you the chance to select a target, and whenever you are fighting that target, your movement speed will increase by a percentage according to the level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana.

Duration: 60 seconds

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Motivation.

Effect: when defeating your targets, your health, mana, and stamina will be restored by two points multiplied by the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1