Chapter 361: Not Bad

Chapter 361: Not bad

Although it wasn't by much, Natasha's allies relaxed a little around Ryan. Still, even when Ryan asked to attack the monsters from the walls that protected the city, some survivors kept an eye on him. Regardless, he managed to kill several Cursed Eyes before they could get too close, and thus, he obtained a lot of Soul Essences. Since Ryan was now free to fight the monsters, he also could use his skills.

Mana Potion

Effect: Restores 52 points of mana.

"Hehe, not bad, huh," Ryan smiled in satisfaction after he produced his first potion.

The skill description didn't mention it, but it looked like some of Ryan's attributes also influenced the potions' quality. While it wasn't much, Ryan would welcome all bonuses that he could get. In any case, creating potions was as fun as sniping monsters from hundreds of meters away, so time passed really fast, and Natasha showed herself around dinnertime.

"Do you intend to stay here throughout the whole night?" Natasha asked. "We have some free houses available here."

"I will stay here," Ryan replied. "Clearing the dungeon will take a lot of time and effort, so I want to decrease the number of monsters as much as possible while I can."

The Medusa's dungeon was twenty kilometers away from their current position, and that was why the Cursed Eyes attacked the city pretty much everyday with numbers that were close to the four-digit mark. Somehow, they even could tell that many survivors were nearby, so the city was actually a good hunting spot. That fight only got dire because Natasha and some other powerful survivors weren't with them.

"So, you really intend to clear this dungeon first," Natasha said and sat at the border of the wall. "This might take a while. Maybe we should check the other two dungeons. I heard that they had been cleared."

"You didn't go there to get the classes?" Ryan asked.

"No, the people here needed me," Natasha replied. "I used the coins you gave me to buy some equipment, so the survivors here might survive on their own now. Anyway, while we changed our agreement a little bit, you still have to pay to use our dungeon."

"One million coins, huh" Ryan said, and then he had an idea. "How about this: I will teach you Purification, and I won't have to pay you anything to use this dungeon."

"You can teach me the skill?" Natasha asked. "Is that the power of another class?"

"Yes," Ryan nodded.

" This skill is very valuable, so why didn't you ask me not to pay to use all the other dungeons?" Natasha frowned.

"The other dungeons are being controlled by other people, right?" Ryan asked. "I am sure you will need some coins to make us use those places as fast as possible. I don't mind paying for them, as long as I can have that."

Natasha decided to think for a few moments. In the end, it was pretty evident that it was an excellent deal. While she could equip many of her soldiers with those one million coins, she couldn't buy items that prevent petrification. Purification will prevent entirely many lives from being lost, and that wasn't something coins or equipment could do against Cursed Eyes.

Natasha accepted the offer, and Ryan made her his student. After that, he had to show her Purification many times, and that took the whole night, but that wasn't a problem since he managed to level up some skills and classes he rarely used, and even better, he saved one million coins.

"The cost is quite high, huh," Natasha said while she was reading the description of the skill. "I will have to create a decent stock of mana potions to be able to prevent any losses on our side. Regardless, the sun will rise soon, so I am going to prepare those who are going to join us in the fight."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. In any case, things have been proceeding reasonably well even though he was in a country he had never been before. Natasha was reasonable, and the survivors of the area were starting to think that Ryan wasn't someone who came to cause problems. If anything, they only had a problem because he could do too many things. That was absolutely normal. In times like these, people fear even more the things that they couldn't understand and those that had more power than them.

"Did you notice anything weird, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"Nothing aside from the fact that you are pretty friendly toward that woman," Femradiel said. "There are people in your country that helped you much more, and you didn't treat them fairly."

"I am just trying to be diplomatic here," Ryan said.

"Whatever you say," Femradiel said.

In any case, now Ryan just has to worry about one thing, should he use two crossbows to fight or not? Probably, for the time being, it was better to stick with his Frost Crossbow since using two crossbows would reveal to anyone in the area his full capabilities. Also, depending on how many soldiers Natasha wanted to bring with her, perhaps he won't have to worry all that much until he finds the bosses.

In the end, Ryan couldn't help but frown when Natasha appeared with only twenty-five survivors. That was a pretty small number considering that they were going to clear a dungeon that broke four times, and the fifth dungeon break was only a few days away.

"You look confused," Natasha said. "You can relax because those guys are the strongest ones here. I wish that we could take more, but we can't exactly leave the city unprotected."

"You are the leader here, so I won't question your decisions," Ryan said. "Still, I was hoping to clear the dungeon before the next dungeon break."

Natasha frowned when she heard that and almost laughed. It sounded like a joke, but Ryan didn't look like he just made a joke. Ryan seemed more insane than he looked

Class: Hunter Lv 70 (+ 01 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 160th

Health: 1356/1356 (3, 81/s)

Mana: 2082/2082 (3, 81/s)

Stamina: 1863/1863 (3,81/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 2150 (+1488) (+95)

Speed: 140 (+694) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+584) (+33)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+160)

Control: 06 (+746) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+36) (+70)

Luck: 74 (+15)

Recovery: 850 (+1077) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+36) (+40)

Coins: 18.985.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Paralyzing Arrow Lv 11 (+ 10 UP), Spiritual Poison Lv 06, Fool's Curse Lv 01, Spiritual Attack Lv 01,

Passive Physical Skills: Alchemy Lv 01, Auto-Medication Lv 01

Spells: Purification Lv 11 (+ 04 UP), Mind Armor Lv 06 (+ 05 UP), Silence Lv 01, Potion Creation Lv 01,

Support Skills: Freeze Resistance Lv 16 (+ 03 UP), Improved Creation Lv 04 (+ 03 UP), Petrification Resistance Lv 01,

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 57 (+ 01 UP), Beastmaster Lv 35 (+ 01 UP), Summoner Lv 36 (+ 04 UP), Enchanter Lv 05 (+ 04 UP), Combat Mechanic Lv 03 (+ 02 UP), Magehunter Lv 01,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 28 (+ 03 UP), Merchant Lv 12 (+ 03 UP), Whitesmith Lv 11 (+ 03 UP), Alchemist Lv 01

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1