Chapter 363: Talk

Chapter 363: Talk

Natasha had to spend two hours before dinner to convince some survivors that fighting at night was necessary. Although she was the leader of the place, she wasn't an authoritarian leader. So aside from those who fought during the day, only ten survivors agreed to fight.

"Sorry about this. Many people think that trying to clear the dungeon now when we failed for four months is something impossible," Natasha said. "There are some that really fear the idea of fighting at night, but if we return tomorrow morning with everyone, many will change their minds."

Ryan nodded since it made sense. In any case, if he finds a way to make everyone return with better items, many more people will decide to join that mission. Depending on how well they fare, the number of Cursed Eyes attacking the city will decrease significantly. So, the survivors there will get fewer coins. Those who have a brain will be forced to join the mission if they want to keep getting stronger at a decent pace.

If Ryan really wanted to clear the dungeon in five days, he will have to compromise. Holding back was no longer an option, if anything. That was actually a good idea. If he shows a massive difference in strength, Ryan doubted that most people would try to pick a fight.

"You should make your friends use some flashlights," Ryan said. "They will attract more monsters that way, and I will be able to kill more of them."

Natasha didn't like the idea of making her man become the bait for monsters, but in the end, she realized that Ryan had something in mind since he gave Furball the order to protect her. Still, that same thing didn't work for the survivors since they didn't like the idea of exposing themselves. Regardless, they only also understand that Ryan what Ryan was planning when they left the city, and Ryan began to fly.

"Femradiel, I am giving special permission to attack the Cursed Eyes in case they get too close to them," Ryan said. "Don't help them too much, though. Natasha needs to level up Purification as fast as possible."

"No more holding back, huh," Femradiel said. "I like that."

"Don't get carried away," Ryan said. "Furball will help them from the ground with his magic attacks, so I believe you won't have to work all that much."

Just as Ryan expected, the flashlights made the Cursed Eyes notice survivors from pretty far away. They immediately left their hideout to fight, but Ryan massacred them with his crossbows. Firing Posture could even be activated in the air, so Ryan's attacking speed doubled with two crossbows. When the survivors noticed that some enemies were approaching, it was too later. Ryan had already got rid of the majority of them.

In the end, the survivors on the ground killed the few Cursed Eyes that managed to approach them with their long-ranged attacks. Ryan just noticed thanks to the, but Earth magic was surprisingly useful against those creatures. It was probably because they were relatively light due to their weird body. Ryan made a mental note about that.

Since Ryan wasn't holding back anymore and he pretty much was leading the survivors, in just two hours, they covered the same amount of distance that they did during the day. What Nocturnal Eyes couldn't pick due to the high number of trees in the area, Awareness, and Radar covered for Ryan. Still proceeding in a straight line toward the dungeon was dangerous, so Ryan approached Natasha to change the plans' slight change.

"We will circle around the dungeon as we approach it," Ryan said. "If we go in a straight line ignoring the enemies in the area, eventually, we will be surrounded by them."

Natasha nodded at Ryan's words and proceeded to explain that to her allies. The Medusa's dungeon was in the West, so Ryan guided Natasha and the survivors toward the North since he felt a vast concentration of monsters in that direction. As usual, he got the attention of several of the Cursed Eyes when he attacked. Those who failed to find him in the dark sky of the night felt the presence of Natasha and the survivors. Still, Ryan slew the vast majority of the monsters before the situation could get dire. In the end, everyone's hunting speed increased considerably due to a large number of drops and few soldiers picking them. Everyone's strength significantly increased for a single night, and their morale was sky high even after hunting for ten hours non-stop. Despite that, Ryan decided to retreat when the sun began to rise.

"Hehe, fighting with two crossbows is even better than I expected," Ryan smiled confidently. "If I mana to get my hands on a crossbow enchanted with the thunder element, I bet that as long as I have mana, no monster will be able to approach me."

While poison was powerful and could make monsters suffer and paralyze them to some extent. The number of inorganic monsters that Ryan found in which were completely useless was pretty high. However, the chances that he might find monsters that were strong against ice and thunder were pretty slim, and those elements were perfect for long-ranged fighters to keep the enemies at bay.

"Now, who is getting carried away?" Femradiel asked.

"I am not. This is just the truth of the facts," Ryan shrugged. "Still, when am I going to find monsters that can use lightning attacks?"

"Maybe you shouldn't be so eager to find them," Femradiel said. "Dodging those types of attacks is pretty difficult."

"No pain, no gain," Ryan said. "Even worse than finding them, is not finding them and let their power increase endlessly."

Although Natasha seemed pretty tired, she also got a decent number of loot and was pretty excited since it has been a long since her friends and she managed to kill so many monsters. Despite that, she still was reasonable enough to understand that she needed a few hours of sleep before the next round. In the meanwhile, Ryan created potions and prepared some crossbows.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1