Chapter 364: Petrification Crossbow

Chapter 364: Petrification Crossbow

Petrification Crossbow (Stone) (+3)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of twenty-five points of mana that might petrify your foes based on their level of mentality and willpower.

Dexterity + 91, Intelligence + 39

Durability: 60/60

"As expected, I won't be able to make better weapons without leveling up certain skills," Ryan nodded to himself after he finally used Seal on a Cursed Eye. "Maybe if I craft the weapons with a bit more care, it will make them more powerful, but I am not good enough to make adjustments that can make a real difference."

Natasha and the others frowned when they saw Ryan just half-killing the first Cursed Eye they found after breakfast. They frowned, even more when they saw an ordinary crossbow suddenly emitting a gray glow out of nowhere. They knew how to craft weapons, but they didn't know that humans could make magic weapons yet. In any case, Ryan stored the weapon away since it wouldn't be of any use against the Cursed Eyes.

Just as Natasha and Ryan predicted, many survivors decided to join them to hunt during the day, but what they didn't predict was that hunting monsters during the day would be way less efficient. They lost the surprise element that the darkness of the night granted them. Moreover, most of the Cursed Eyes flew toward Ryan when they found him who could have thought that his weapon would be turned against him?

While the survivors seemed unsatisfied that Ryan was getting most of the coins, they decided to stay quiet when the monsters dropped items, and he showed no interest in them.

"It looks like we should focus on hunting at night," Ryan said. "Femradiel, do you have any idea how many monsters are in this region?"

"Around fifty thousand, without counting the bosses," Femradiel replied. "The number of bosses is 450."

"Fifty thousand that isn't so bad," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "In any case, just as I had imagined, the people here didn't kill a single boss when they find them, it might cause some problems."

Ryan will have to find a way to boost the morale of the survivors. While defeating a little more than ten thousand Cursed Eyes every day wasn't much of a problem. He didn't want to fight all the bosses in a single day which was too risky.

After thinking for a while, Ryan found a possible solution to that problem, but it was a double-edged sword that could cause some issues. Before talking with Natasha about that, Ryan decided to focus on the hunt. Based on Ryan's calculations, they killed around eight thousand Cursed Eyes during the day, and they could double that number at night. Still, after sunset, Ryan and the others returned to the base, and he decided to tell Natasha about his plan.

"Natasha, I am thinking of increasing the Petrification Resistance of your allies," Ryan said. "It is obvious that the Medusas will be much more powerful than those weak mobs. So, to decrease the strain on you and me since we are the only ones who can use Purification, that is necessary."

"Wouldn't it be better if you teach that skill to others as well?" Natasha asked.

"I can only have a certain number of students at a time, so that isn't possible," Ryan replied.

"I imagined that, so how do you plan on doing that?" Natasha asked.

"With this," Ryan said and then took out a spear from his spatial ring

Petrification Spear (STONE) (+3)

Effect: it gives you the chance to petrify your foes based on their mentality and willpower.

Strength + 104, Speed + 52

Disability: 120/120

"... Do you plan on wounding my people with that?" Natasha frowned while looking at a replica of the Paralyzing Spear that had been enchanted with a soul of a Cursed Eye.

"Just a scratch should activate the petrification effect," Ryan said. "The petrification will start slowly with that, but given that we need to make all the people here level up that resistance, that will help us."

"I am not sure about this. It sounds too risky," Natasha said.

"There is another option, but then you and your friends will have to use a lot of coins," Ryan said. "I can sell some equipment to you guys. However, I wouldn't recommend that since you will lose coins and won't obtain status points."

"... I can't force my men to do that, but I am going to ask those who are interested in that," Natasha said.

Ryan nodded since it was only natural. In the meantime, he scratched himself here and there to level up his own resistances. As expected, the more points on his body started to petrify, the faster the skill leveled up.

Since it was scary to lose his limbs' feeling, Ryan ended up using Purification since he was flying and didn't want to risk himself all that much.

In the end, only the most hardcore survivors, those who fought alongside Natasha since the very beginning, accepted Ryan's offer. So, he helped them for a few hours before the next time they could leave the city to hunt at night again.

Once again, the trick to convince others was to be patient. Those who accepted to train their Petrification Resistance with Ryan fought more vigorously when the monsters approached, and thus, their hunting speed increased. Even when they got hit by the Petrifying Gaze, they didn't fall back as the fact that slowed considerably due to just a few level-ups.

"Even though their Petrifying Gaze is at such high-level, the effects aren't that strong when the survivors came in contact for just a few seconds," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "In any case, we can't stop now since the Medusas will be much more difficult to deal with."

Thanks to his hard work and everyone's high morale, Ryan and the others managed to slay the mobs in the region in just three days, and they finally found the dungeon. In the end, the sight of the bosses made Ryan frown

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1