Chapter 375: Made To Grind

Chapter 375: Made to grind

Demonic Wasp  Lv 160

Health: 1500/1500

Mana: 2500/2500

Stamina: 1000/1000

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 700

Speed: 600

Intelligence: 500

Endurance: 400

Control: 600

Mentality: 500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 900

Willpower: 500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Anesthetic Bite Lv 110

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 50, Transformation Lv 100

Spells: Anesthetic Pollen Lv 120,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 70, Shock Resistance Lv 50, Electric Resistance Lv 40

While the attributes of the first wasp Ryan saw weren't that impressive, the fact that they reached level 160 in just a few weeks was worrisome. In any case, some of the skills that Ryan saw greatly interested him. Knowing them, it looked like Irina got her sword by killing one of those.

Before the monster could get too close, Ryan picked Frost Crossbow and killed the beast. The beast didn't even see the bolt coming. Meanwhile, Natasha had a hard time seeing the monster that Ryan attacked, while Irina and the others thought that Ryan was attacking the empty air since they didn't find the enemy.

"I left you guys far ahead if I remember correctly," Irina said to her soldiers. "Why did you retreat so much?"

"Apologies, ma'am," One of the soldiers replied. "We failed at holding them back, their level and numbers increased a lot more than we predicted."

"I can see that, I want more details," Irina said. "What are those marks in your bodies?"

"Don't worry, ma'am," The soldier replied. "Those will disappear in a few days; it is just a mark left by those damn plants. While they exist in our bodies, some of our status decreases exponentially."

Now that Ryan thought about it, every single of the soldiers there had melee weapons, and none of them had items that increased their magic attack or intelligence. So, it was only evident that they would fight up-close. It was hard to tell if Irina picked her strongest soldiers or just the most stupid ones. Even after against demons for a few minutes, anyone with half of a brain would understand that keeping a certain distance was absolutely necessary.

"Is that so" Irina furrower her eyebrows. "You should rest now; we will take care of the monsters from here on out. Rest for a few days and then return to our camp. Give the order for a new team to come here in a week."

"Yes, ma'am," the soldier nodded.

Ryan wasn't entirely certain if he should rely on that kind of knowledge, but in certain games and books, there was a deeply connected demon with creatures like wasps it was Beelzebub, the lord of the flies. While he didn't know much about the demon aside from that, Ryan knew that the demon was a powerful monster and sometimes was so powerful that it could even be compared to Baal. Their names were even similar perhaps the fourth general was indeed Beelzebub.

"I don't think that demon will possess the bodies of those plants or of the wasps," Ryan thought. "One month has passed since the dungeon, so the dungeon broke at least once some bosses will be waiting for us. I can only tell if the demon might possess them after taking a look at them."

"Here is how we are going to proceed," Irina said. "Since you two are boring archers, you will attack the monsters and kill them before they get too close, since this area belongs to me, all the drops will be mine. No questions asked."

"What?" Natasha protested. "This area is not yours; you didn't clear the dungeon!"

"I have been keeping the monsters in check and no one tried to help, thus this area is mine," Irina said. "I am the leader here and your opinion on the matter is irrelevant."

"You little annoying bitch" Natasha bit her lips in exasperation.

Ryan just watched everything in silence since he had imagined that something like that might happen. However, he had no intention of letting that crazy bitch earn the fruits of his hard work, and he already knew how to prevent that. Natasha and Irina found it strange that Ryan didn't protest, but in the end, the matter ended there.

The more they headed southwest, the more wasps they found. While Ryan wanted to keep his skills hidden from people like Irina, he was forced to use Telekinesis to fly high and increase his field of vision. When he killed something, and that something dropped an item, Ryan buried the same item underground by using Telekinesis. Then when he passed above the item, he recovered it without letting anyone notice it.

Demonic Cocoon  Lv 160

Health: 5000/5000

Mana: 15000/15000

Stamina: 1000/1000

Strength: 200

Dexterity: 200

Speed: --

Intelligence: 5000

Endurance: 2000

Control: 1000

Mentality: 3000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 5000

Willpower: 3000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Anesthetic Whip Lv 110

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Endurance Lv 70, Replication Lv 150

Spells: Anesthetic Pollen Lv 150,

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 100, Shock Resistance Lv 100, Earth Resistance Lv 100, Fire Resistance Lv 100,

Once again, Ryan frowned when he saw the status of the first demonic plant he saw in the distance. Not only the statuses of the monsters were weird, but the name was also strange. The demonic plant made Ryan recall an octopus, but the creature, instead of a head, it had a cocoon that was used to give birth to more wasps. As for the tentacles, they were just like long leaves that could be used to protect the cocoon.

"More and more weird monsters are appearing as of late," Natasha said while showing a disgusted expression.

Ryan couldn't agree more. Regardless, he bombarded the monster with his Frost Crossbow. The creature tried to block the attacks with its tentacles, but since Ryan attacked the same spot several times, the tentacles frozen and then broke into ice shards. Thanks to Corruption Sense, Ryan could feel the presence of many demons in the area, and based on what Irina said, they still had to walk for dozens of kilometers before reaching the dungeon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1