Chapter 372: Irina

Chapter 372: Irina

Unlike most warriors Ryan had seen so far, Irina was wearing just some small pieces of armor. Since they emitted different magic colors, they were probably good against various types of magic. Natasha was the same, but while that was only natural since she was a long-ranged fighter, their styles were much different. Overall, Irina exposed a lot of her skin. That was a sight for some sore eyes, but it seemed that she was going too far to make the others pay attention to her from Ryan's perspectives.

In any case, while they waited, Ryan watched the fights against the orcs up-close. Orcs were like goblins, but they had pig-like faces, and they were even taller than the hobgoblin Ryan fought before. They used many types of weapons and even could use magic, but unlike the goblins, they weren't stupid enough to leave items behind and strengthen the humans even further. Overall, the survivors of that city had around five classes, and two of them were necessary to face a single orc.

"I guess their strength is that they are smart and balanced status-wise," Ryan muttered. "Otherwise, it would be weird to consider them powerful tier-three monsters."

"Alone, they seem weak, but I heard that when the boss is around for some reason, their spawning speed increases, and also they gain a boost in strength based on the time the boss stays alive and their level," Natasha said. "All in all, they can become a pain in the ass if their dungeons spawn at least once."

Ryan nodded after hearing that, but then again, they weren't a threat for him. Long-ranged magic couldn't even compare in terms of range with his bolts. So, creatures like orcs that were balanced at fighting up-close and in middle-range were easy targets for him.

"Let's get going, today is a busy day, so I will fight alone in order to buy time," Irina declared.

While that was boring, it couldn't be helped. Strangely enough, no one complained either. The group consisted of twenty-four survivors, and aside from Irina, Natasha, and Ryan, all the others only had one or two classes. They certainly weren't at the level where they could fight the orcs.

Irina entered the dungeon and guided everyone. When the first monster appeared, Ryan barely saw the moment where she charged forward and split the beast in half. Although she was an annoying bitch full of herself, she was the real deal when it comes to fighting.

"That is one of the skills that she gained that is the core of her strength," Natasha explained. "I don't know the name, but it increases her movement and attack speed exponentially."

Irina

Class: Swordsman Lv 60 / Silent Killer Lv 55 / Swordmaster Lv 51 (--)

Race: Illusionary Wasp/--/ --

Rank: 185th

Health: 1950 /1950

Mana: 1550/1550

Stamina: 1601/1601

Strength: 2050 (+350) (+130)

Dexterity: 250 (+150) (+40)

Speed: 1620 (+300) (+90)

Intelligence: 220 (+150) (+30)

Endurance: 100 (+110) (+160)

Control: 06 (+120) (+30)

Mentality: 40 (+40) (+30)

Luck: 150 (+50)

Recovery: 600 (+350) (+100)

Willpower: 30 (+40) (+20)

Coins: 2.103.36

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive: Swordsmanship Lv 80,

Spells:

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 75, Cold Resistance Lv 60, Electric Resistance Lv 50

Ryan got curious, so he used Appraisal when Irina killed another orc. In the end, he couldn't help but frown at what he saw. The number of skills he could see was weirdly small it looked like she didn't know Mind Armor, but she knew a few tricks to hide some of her skills.

"I need to level up Appraisal faster" Ryan thought.

"For someone who likes to avoid unpleasant surprises, it surprises me that you didn't do that sooner," Femradiel said.

Femradiel was kind of quiet as of late. Probably because Ryan couldn't talk to her out loud that frequently anymore. Regardless, she was the same as ever. Since the dungeon didn't have many intersections and the place looked just like an ordinary cave. Eventually, they found the last part of the dungeon. However, the boss hadn't spawned yet.

Irina began to concentrate, which made Ryan frown since she didn't look like someone who would do things seriously. Suddenly, the boss spawned, and Irina disappeared like a blur and attacked the creature. Although her reaction time had been perfect, the monster still managed to block her attack slightly, and, in the end, her sword only cut the boss's shoulder slightly.

The orc boss was like three meters tall, and it looked like his body was made only of muscles. The creature's sword was longer than Irina's, but the monster swung it with lightning speed to block the attack. Irina tried to overpower the boss with sheer strength, but in the end, she failed and kicked the monster's chin and retreated a few steps.

The boss pointed its left hand toward her and fired several Fireballs, Irina cut only the first one, causing a small explosion, and in the next moment, she appeared behind the creature and made her sword pierce the monster's back. While the beast was growling in agony, she stepped back and then returned and kicked her sword, making a big wound to open on the monster's back. After that, things were pretty much one-sided. Irina kept using her sword to make the beast agonize. Not even a boss could do much aside from suffering when a big sword was impaling them. That being said, Ryan felt that the beast didn't resist all that much the sword probably had some effect that paralyzed the beast or at least prevented it from trying hard.

"An anesthetic effect?" Ryan thought.

"Seems like it," Femradiel said.

While that was very convenient, Ryan couldn't deny Irina's strength. Besides, even if she were lucky, she had to fight some tough enemies to obtain such a useful sword. Her arrogance was well-founded. In any case, that didn't mean that Ryan had a good reason to endure her company or annoying behavior. Only the dungeons that she had under her control could be considered reasons for that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1