Chapter 378: Beelzebub'S Offspring

Chapter 378: Beelzebub's Offspring

Soon after sunrise, Irina led Ryan and Natasha toward the battlefield, but she frowned when she saw many massive footsteps on the ground, but not a single monster in sight. Not even wasps and demonic cocoons.

"It looks like someone has been busy," Irina frowned while looking at Ryan.

Ryan ignored her. While he couldn't erase the footsteps, he still managed to give his golems the order to hide underground during the day. Irina knew that Ryan did something, but she couldn't tell exactly what, and she couldn't say if that thing was still around. That was what he needed to make her walk on her toes.

Ryan also managed to find most of the loot his golems obtained and hid them underground to get them later. So, as far as he was concerned, the plan had been a success. Now, he just needed to make sure that the dungeon would be cleared in five days.

"I am sensing that the monsters are retreating and creating a massive perimeter around the dungeon," Femradiel said. "It looks like you forced the dungeon master to act."

Ryan looked in the distance and saw the yellow in the sky decreasing in size but also getting more concentrated. Femradiel was correct. The dungeon master gave the order for its minions to retreat. While that was convenient since the area where Ryan had to search decreased, things were so simple.

"Something changed" Irina said.

It looked like Irina noticed that as well. She really had sharp senses. Regardless, they confirmed that around noon that day when they saw hundreds of thousands of wasps around a certain mountain, and weirdly enough, the dungeon's entrance was almost at the peak of the mountain. Thousands of demonic cocoons were making more wasps spawn every single minute, and that made them feel as if they were fighting an endless battle.

In the center of that massive army of monsters, Ryan and Natasha saw thirty or creatures that weren't wasps or cocoons. Those were flies gigantic flies that had big red eyes and disgusting rotten wings. Its paws were thin, but at the same time, they were made of some sort of metal, and it looked as sharp as hell. The overall color of the monster and Ryan couldn't help but think about the possibility of Beelzebub taking control over their bodies.

Beelzebub's Offspring  Lv 250

Health: 35.000/35.000

Mana: 70.000/70.000

Stamina: 15.000/15.000

Strength: 1500

Dexterity: 3000

Speed: 1000

Intelligence: 4500 (+ 600)

Endurance: 2500

Control: 2500

Mentality: 3500 (+ 300)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 7500 (+ 1500)

Willpower: 3500 (+ 300)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Pestilence Touch Lv 250, Cursed Blades Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 75, Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 100

Spells: Infestation Lv 150, Poisonous Catastrophe Lv 250, Sloth Inducement Lv 250

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 150, Thunder Resistance Lv 150, Poison Resistance Lv 250, Curse Resistance Lv 250

"Holy Freya" Natasha muttered while showing an incredible disgusted expression. "What the heck is that?"

"What did you see?" Irina asked. "My eyes aren't as good as yours. My dexterity is pretty low, after all."

"A boss in the shape of a fly that will probably make you faint," Natasha replied. "Those things are no good and their level is too high we can't face them with only the three of us here."

"It still can get worse, that is more or less how I imagined Beelzebub would be. He is the lord of the flies, after all," Ryan said. "Regardless, even if those are just its offspring, I would bet that he created them in order to become a good receptacle for its spirit."

Ryan told them the time where he fought Mephisto. While that made him revive some bad memories, Ryan couldn't just keep Natasha and Irina in the dark. A fight against a general of the demon's army was something one would need a lot of preparation to survive, and winning was almost impossible.

"You said that you still won and you were weak at the time, so we can win here as well," Irina said.

"I didn't win in a direct fight, the conditions granted me the victory," Ryan said. "Besides, it is impossible to say that Beelzebub can't take control over the other bosses once he falls once. Defeating an opponent like that once is already an incredibly feat, expect to do that thirty times isn't naiveness, is stupidity."

Ryan wanted more power. He wanted to defeat all the fuckers invading Earth as well. However, he couldn't let his greed for power and anger control his decisions. The golems might help against the mob monsters, but not against the bosses. At the very least, they needed a few days to think of a decent plan, but Irina didn't want that.

"I agree with Ryan, we are only a few days from your camp, we can ask for reinforcements without any issues," Natasha said. "I doubt that you need more than twenty soldiers to keep the dungeon there in check."

"I am the leader here, and I will give the calls," Irina declared. "We won't ask for reinforcements, the people back there aren't strong enough to deal with this, they won't be of any help here."

"Then, we should at least talk with Victor," Natasha said. "He is the strongest of us and his soldiers also train hard every single day and fight the monsters like madmen. They will certainly be useful here."

"I would rather choose death than ask that guy to help me," Irina said. "Besides, I want to keep this dungeon to myself Still, I understand that challenging those monsters right now is a bad move. So, let's retreat for the time being while I think of a solution for this situation."

At least Irina wasn't stupid enough to charge in a situation like that. However, she was difficult enough to say that she was the one who would find a solution to the problem, and by the look of the things, she won't hear Ryan and Natasha's opinion on the matter.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1