Chapter 373: New Class

Chapter 373: New Class

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of three following classes: Frost Guardian, Silent Killer, and Puppet Master.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction since he didn't see those classes before, and he was one hundred percent sure of it. Given that Frost Guardian was one of those specialized classes, it made sense why a melee fighter like Irina picked the Silent Killer class. Still, Ryan was slightly bothered by the fact that he wasn't lucky enough to obtain another class that would directly support his fighting style.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Silent Killer!

You obtained the following skills: Skill Camouflage, Silent Attack, and Silent Movement.

Your stamina and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Skill Camouflage.

Effect: It grants you the power to hide some of your skills from skills like Appraisal. For every five levels, you can hide one more skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Silent Attack.

Effect: By consuming mana, you can make your attacks completely inaudible at the cost of your mana.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Silent Movement.

Effect: By consuming mana, you can make your body move without making any sound.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Although the cost of the skills was pretty high, they were more useful than Ryan thought. Even better, since they consumed mana per second instead of per attack, Ryan will be able to slay many enemies without alerting others. It looked like leveling up that class will be pretty straightforward.

After his turn ended, Ryan waited for the others. Irina was still fighting the orcs that were occasionally spawning; for Natasha, she seemed pretty unsatisfied about something. Once again, Ryan decided not to involve himself with the problems of others. While Natasha already proved that she could be trusted when she said that she would take responsibility for his actions, Ryan wanted to keep a certain distance from others. Working together was fine, but some space was required. Otherwise, he would recall what happened to Lucia and the others pretty much every moment.

"Two down, one to go, right?" Natasha asked. "Now we just need to help his bitch for a few days."

"I can hear you," Irina said.

"I talked with that intention from the beginning" Natasha said. "Anyway, you seem someone who is a natural with long-ranged weapons, Ryan. What did you do before the monsters arrived?"

"Getting personal, aren't we?" Ryan frowned. "What I was before didn't help me become better with bows and crossbows. Regardless, my Dad taught me how to use a bow for several years, and I used the knowledge to survive."

"I see I never had any real training with long-ranged weapons. I just chose the crossbow as a weapon because it seemed easy to use," Natasha said. "Do you have any tips for me?"

"Practice every day and keep increasing your dexterity like there is no tomorrow," Ryan replied.

Natasha wanted to hear something more specific. After all, she was already doing that from the very beginning. Despite that, she could tell that the difference in skill was too great. Fortunately, it didn't look like Ryan was lying. He indeed seemed like someone who had a one-track mind, which was probably how he was mastering bows.

After a while, everyone picked their classes and then left the dungeon. Ryan and Natasha waited for Irina for them to proceed to do the rest of their agreement, but then Irina left the dungeon and headed toward her house.

"Aren't we going to depart now?" Natasha asked.

"Relax, I will just organize a few things. It will take just a moment," Irina replied.

Ryan wasn't the only one who was in a hurry, while her soldiers could control with ease the Medusas' dungeon. Fighting the bosses was another matter. She wanted to return as quickly as possible and help them. In the end, Irina's minute turned into half an hour. Natasha was so impatient that she was clicking her tongue pretty much every single moment.

"You will end up exploding a vein like that," Ryan said.

"Sorry but this girl is just too much for me," Natasha said.

As If the situation wasn't unbearable enough for Natasha, Irina showed up along with her bodyguards. While they looked like bodyguards, the fact that they were all hunky guys made Ryan understand that they were probably her boyfriends, or at least, her relaxation toys all of them.

"Are you fucking kidding me, Irina?" Natasha asked.

"What? I can't go on a journey without them," Irina replied.

"Are they going to be even a little bit useful in the fights?" Natasha asked.

"They will help me recover from the fatiguing fights. That is more than enough," Irina shrugged.

At that point in time, even Ryan was speechless at Irina. The girl really needed to receive a wake-up call she was wasting so much potential by acting like that, or perhaps she became that strong because of her nature. In any case, due to her actions, Natasha was about to snap.

"All right, before we depart, I must warn you guys that the enemies we are going to face are quite troublesome," Irina said. "If things don't work well or you don't follow all my commands, I will pull some strings and make Victor completely ignore you. Thus, you will be unable to get another class. So, work hard not to disappoint me."

"What are the enemies?" Ryan asked.

"Don't talk to me; if I don't give you permission, I will forgive you this time, but that won't happen again" Irina frowned. "The enemies are demons very troublesome demons."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1