Chapter 374: They Are Back

Chapter 374: They are back

Demons it has been a few weeks since Ryan heard of them. However, instead of being bothered by the fact that they were getting on his path again, Ryan felt thankful for the opportunity to slay those fuckers. It was much better to fight them than let them go do whatever they want unchecked. Another reason why Ryan wanted to hunt them, was his Demon Hunter class.

In any case, since Irina is an annoying bitch, Ryan couldn't ask many questions to her. That was actually good since he also didn't want to hold any conversation with someone like that. While Natasha didn't have a different opinion, she was fully aware that they couldn't go to the hunt without knowing anything. So, a few minutes after they left the city, Natasha decided to ask some questions.

"Tell us more about the demons," Natasha said. "How are they? What are their weaknesses?"

"They are demons. What else do you need to hear?" Irina frowned. "Fire worked against them, but I don't if that still is useful."

"What do you mean by that?" Natasha asked.

" Their dungeon appeared one month ago," Irina began to explain after a long sigh. "At first, only small wasp-like creatures began to spawn, but after flying for a while, the wasps would find a place to hide, and then they would transform into a demonic-like plant. The plant would give birth to more wasp-like monsters after a while. When they eat, their reproduction speed increases exponentially all in all, those are disgusting monsters that can alter an entire ecosystem in a matter of days by multiplying themselves. When I heard of them, I began to hunt those creatures since they had some troublesome abilities aside from their propagation, but then suddenly, the monsters became more powerful, and I was forced to retreat."

Ryan frowned when he heard that the enemies were demon-like plants that, before being plants, they were wasps Regardless, it looked like the dungeon master decided to intervene when Irina got on their way. If Irina managed to hunt many of those monsters alone, it looked like they were tier-two monsters, but the dungeon evolved and became a tier-three dungeon.

"I wonder why the dungeon only appeared one month ago" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "All the other demonic dungeons appeared in the first month."

"You have some experience fighting demons, right?" Natasha asked. "What can you tell us about them?"

"All in all, the demons that I heard and faced were direct subordinates of the devil himself," Ryan said. "One of them was Baal, the second I faced was Lilith, and the third one was Mephisto."

" Are you serious?" Natasha asked with a massive frown on her face.

"If I tried to make a joke, I wouldn't use the word demons in my sentences," Ryan replied.

"Did you kill them?" Natasha asked.

"Nope, someone else and I got our asses kicked and barely survived the encounter," Ryan shook his head. "Their level of power can't be compared to anything we will face on earth in the next months or years. I fought Mephisto here on Earth. The bastard was so powerful that he was losing health every second since he borrowed the body of one of his minions. That made me understand that they are so powerful that they can't show their true strength in the current state of our planet."

Natasha analyzed those pieces of information, but then she realized that Ryan didn't mention him fighting demonic plants, and he got a bit surprised when he heard about them. That means

"So, the owner of the dungeon isn't Baal, Lilith, or Mephisto," Natasha said.

"That is my guess as well. This time, the fight will be against the army of another general of the demons' army," Ryan said.

"Do you think that what Irina experienced will happen again?" Natasha asked.

"I don't think so," Ryan shook his head. "I know a few things that a dungeon master can do, and raise the level of a dungeon is one of them, but that must cost a lot of mana or coins. Considering that we didn't find a single level four dungeon until now, I can only think that the dungeon masters think that it isn't worth making those appear here on Earth."

"So, we are being looked down, huh?" Natasha furrowed her eyebrows in anger.

"I guess we should feel thankful for that," Ryan said. "While those freaks underestimate us, they will give us plenty of chances to kill them."

Despite saying that, Ryan still could feel his blood boil just by thinking about Lilith. That demon rubbed a lot of salt on Ryan's wound, so he didn't intend to let the bitch go unpunished for long. Unfortunately, Ryan would need to be a little more patient. The difference in power wasn't something he couldn't even measure right, so he will need a few more tricks and tools in order to have his revenge.

Ryan and the others had to travel for two days to find the area where the demons' dungeon was located. They probably could have arrived faster, but since Irina was an annoying bitch, she refused to travel at night. Moreover, she was brazen enough not to take any turn on the guard duty. While she always left two or three of her clowns around to keep their eyes on Ryan, they failed miserably at their job. Ryan managed to train several skills without them noticing.

Regardless, after those days of travel, they finally found a group of survivors fighting some weird plants and wasps. Those were Irina's lackeys that she had left behind to keep the monsters in check. However, given that Ryan only found six of them and they were utterly exhausted, covered in bruises, and some parts of their body even had strange colorful colors, he assumed that things weren't going well. Natasha raised their guard because they finally entered the enemies' territory. Meanwhile, Ryan looked for the monsters in order to use Appraisal.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1