Chapter 370: A Difficult Person

Chapter 370: A difficult person

When Ryan and Natasha approached the gates of the city, dozens of guards pointed crossbows at them. Ryan confirmed that neither of them had many points in dexterity so that they wouldn't cause much damage. His mana also began to drop, proving that they were trying to use Appraisal on him.

Natasha stepped forward and spoke with the guards in Russian. While they did recognize her, they seemed pretty angry that she brought a stranger with her, or maybe it was due to the fact that she left her post behind so suddenly. In the end, the guards used a radio to communicate with someone, and Natasha stepped back.

"They are talking with Irina, the leader of this city," Natasha said with a frown on her face.

"So, the leader of this place is also a woman?" Ryan asked, visibly surprised.

"Got a problem with that?" Natasha asked.

"Not a problem, but I can't deny that I am surprised," Ryan shrugged.

"She is difficult in certain senses, but you will probably be fine if you ignore all her bullshit and reply only to her serious questions," Natasha said.

Ryan and Natasha had to wait for three hours for them to be received by the said Irina. It was clear that she made them wait for her on purpose. The city was big, but not that big. Irina was another gorgeous woman. She had long, straight black hair and quite a physique. It was hard to know if she practiced some martial art before the monster's arrival, but it wouldn't surprise Ryan if she had got that body in the last five months. She was carrying a massive purple sword on her back, after all.

Irina appeared accompanied by several bodyguards, and for some reason, they were all tall guys with great physiques who also had a smug smile on their faces. Those were the type of men who Ryan tended not to get along well since they were quick to look down on him. Regardless, Ryan's mana started to decrease like crazy again, but he didn't let that faze him.

"Who gave you the order to come here today, Natasha?" Irina asked while ignoring Ryan. "I heard that you had a few problems with the stone humans a few days ago. How come you decided to show up yourself when you can't even keep your dungeon in check."

"I don't owe any explanations to someone who didn't even try to clear that dungeon," Natasha said. "Regardless, everything is under control now, we cleared the dungeon, and now I am here to use your dungeon with him."

Ryan frowned because he couldn't understand why they were talking in English. While that was convenient, it was confusing. Also, it was weird that Irina knew that Ryan could speak the language. While he was American, people with his facial features could be found all over the world.

"That is impossible," Irina said. "We have hundreds of survivors on the line to receive their classes."

"We can pay for it," Natasha said.

Irina frowned and tried to see things through Natasha. She could tell that she got strong, a lot stronger than the last time they met. Still, Irina was having a hard time believing that Natasha cleared a dungeon with less than one hundred survivors, a dungeon that had broken four times. The fifth dungeon break was about to happen, so unless Natasha had gone mad, what she said was really true.

" I will confirm this later," Irina said. "If you wish to enter the city, your friend here will have to give us all his equipment, and that beast will stay out of the city."

"That won't be necessary. Whatever he may do inside the city, I will take full responsibility," Natasha said.

" You certainly will," Irina said that without hiding her displeasure.

After saying that, Irina left the area, but fortunately, she didn't forget to give the guards the orders to open the gates. Ryan, Natasha, and Furball finally could enter.

"She is lovely, as you said," Ryan said.

Unlike the other places Ryan found in the Russian territory, that city looked pretty neat. The houses weren't made of wood, and their design seemed pretty modern. It looked like some mages who could use earth magic had been busy there.

The inhabitants of the place didn't even try to hide their displeasure. Since those who could use Appraisal couldn't check Ryan's statuses, they were crazy enough to taunt someone who they had no idea how strong he was. Fortunately, or perhaps as expected, no one went too far with the cheap taunts since Furball was quite fearsome and didn't leave Ryan's side.

"We will talk with her again about that to obtain access to the dungeon," Natasha said. "You should come with me since some people might try to pick a fight with you if I leave you alone."

"I suppose it can't be helped," Ryan said.

Much to Ryan's surprise, the dungeon was located in the center of the city, even though some really rough-looking monsters called orcs were spawning from the dungeon.

Orc  Lv 180

Health: 7500/7500

Mana: 1500/1500

Stamina: 5000/5000

Strength: 2500 (+300)

Dexterity: 500

Speed: 750

Intelligence: 250

Endurance: 4000 (+800)

Control: 500

Mentality: 1200 (+300)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 4500 (+600)

Willpower: 1200 (+300)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Charge Lv 150, Frenzy Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Spearmanship Lv 140, Swordsmanship Lv 140, Shield Mastery Lv 120

Spells: Fireball Lv 80, Ice Arrow Lv 80,

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100, Cold Resistance Lv 100, Electric Resistance Lv 100, Poison Resistance Lv 100,

However, the most impressive thing in that place was a mansion that had been built in front of the dungeon. Only someone stupid, or very arrogant would build a house in front of a tier-three dungeon.

"She lives here," Natasha said. " She will probably make us wait again, but we don't have any other choice aside from enduring it."

Ryan was okay with waiting. Unless that woman planned to make them wait for more than a day, he could endure, but only precisely that amount.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1