Chapter 387: New Class

Chapter 387: New class

In the end, the battle that Ryan thought it would last until the following day ended before sunset. Some wasps and cocoons could be found here and there, but essentially, they couldn't do anything alone. Ryan couldn't do anything aside from accepting the might of Victor and his army.

"He got much stronger than before" Natasha said, visibly impressed. "While I don't like his attitude, it is thanks to him that we finished this much earlier than we anticipated."

"I guess so," Ryan said while he was looking at Victor's soldiers gathering the loot.

Ryan didn't find anything worthwhile being dropped, so he wasn't interested in the spoils of war. He was interested in getting his next class and then moved on. That whole situation put several doubts on his mind, and the only thing he could do to get rid of them was to move on.

"Hey, Victor!" Irina shouted. "Let's go already, I am tired of waiting. Not everyone here will be able to get a class, so you should leave those who won't get a class to organize the loot. Select twenty of your men to come with us."

"Twenty-one," Victor said.

"Don't even start," Irina said. "While I feel like punching this guy as well, I already gave him my word that he would get a class here. Unlike you and the others, you aren't fighting since the very beginning. You should be thankful that I am letting you guys go first instead of my bodyguards."

Victor couldn't say anything after that. It looked like him trying to push his will on others was a common occurrence, but Natasha and Irina rarely let him control them. They weren't strong as him, but they were leaders of their own camps, after all.

In the end, they headed toward the dungeon while some soldiers stayed behind for the cleaning. While Furball could get some good status points by eating those monsters, Ryan didn't trust those guys. It was better to take him along. Some wasps still spawned and tried to block their way, but obviously, they failed miserably.

The interior of the dungeon was a bit weird. Unlike the others, that one was almost completely dark. Some soldiers illuminated the place with magic, but even so, the effects of those spells were strangely weak

"The demons did this in the past?" Natasha asked.

"No," Ryan replied.

Despite that, Ryan wasn't nervous since his Corruption Sense wasn't alerting him. At the end of the dungeon, they also only found the purple crystal and the treasure chest. As if it was only obvious, Irina was the first one to get her class followed by Victor and Irina. Then it was finally Ryan's turn.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Blade Master, Gunner, and High Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan has been lucky once again despite his mood. He had the option of three new classes, even though, once again, he didn't want to stray from the path that he had chosen. Regardless, it was a good chance to learn more things about other classes. The question was who he should ask those questions. Aside from Natasha, pretty much everyone there disliked him quite a bit.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Gunner!

You obtained the following skills: Mana Cannon, Mana Missiles, and Fire Cannon.

Your intelligence and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, stamina, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Cannon.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a high concentrated attack of pure mana that can cause damage equal to your intelligence plus your dexterity per second.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mana Missiles.

Effect: It grants you the power to select several targets and fire homing missiles that will pursue them, causing damage equal to ten percent of your dexterity plus your intelligence.

Number of targets added by each level up: 05

Cost: 20 mana per missile

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Cannon.

Effect: The fire elemental version of Mana Cannon. The added damage is equal to the previous skill plus ten percent for every level up.

Cost: 130 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan frowned when he saw the skills. That class was a mix of magic and physical long-ranged attacks. Not only that, the bonus of status was slightly different That was the first time something like that happened. Regardless, while some of those skills didn't fit his combat style, they would be useful to surprise his foes. Ryan discovered that such a thing was quite necessary recently.

"Onto the next step," Natasha said when Ryan left the treasure chest.

"Which is?" Ryan frowned.

"Try to convince Victor of letting us use his dungeon," Natasha replied.

"Don't concern yourself with that, I will find another way to solve the issue," Ryan said. "Let's just focus on making you learn Summon Warg as fast as possible."

"I can't, it will be troublesome for me if you cause problems to my fellow Russians," Natasha said. "Besides, I don't like to feel indebted to others and until now, I have the feeling that my debt has been only increasing."

Ryan was too tired to argue with Natasha, so he let her think that he needed her help to find a way to clear the last tier-three dungeon of her country. In any case, Ryan wanted to train his new skills and gain some status points. However, using them in front of Victor, Irina, and their groupies wasn't a good idea.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1