Chapter 380: A Helpful Dragon

Chapter 380: A helpful dragon

In the end, Ryan failed at thinking of many new plans to help in the next fight. However, he and Natasha still spent the entire night training against a golem. The monster had high resistance against earth attacks, so Ryan managed to use Magic Bow and magically replicate his new crossbow for a period, and Natasha also trained her new skills.

"You really can do a lot," Natasha said, visibly impressed.

"Anyone can do this much as long as they put their minds into training and keep clearing dungeons whenever possible," Ryan said.

"I mean no offense, but I don't think I can focus too much on that," Natasha said. "There are many people who rely on me and I can't let them down."

"That is the path you chose," Ryan shrugged. "As long as you don't regret choosing that path, nothing says that you made an incorrect decision."

It seemed like a bad move from Ryan's perspective since he couldn't trust many people to watch his back. However, the same things that applied to him didn't apply to others. Regardless, a few minutes after sunrise, Irina showed herself, and she seemed pretty pissed.

"It looks like someone has been making all kinds of preparations without consulting my plans," Irina said. "I hope you two won't regret that later."

"Getting this angry so early in the morning is weird even for you, Irina," Natasha said. "If you are having a hard time coming with a plan, we might help you with something."

"Why would I need the help of someone who failed at clearing a single dungeon for five months?" Irina asked. "The last thing that I need is to hear the advice of a stranger as well."

"You don't need to hear it, as long as you have a decent plan," Ryan said. "I might be wrong, but I think you don't have one. Just remember, you are the one who decided that we have to clear this dungeon in a week, and you are also the one who decided to retreat yesterday."

Irina glared at Ryan; it was probably the same glare that Ryan showed when he used Power of the Money. In any case, Irina couldn't say anything back because what Ryan said was the absolute truth. Ryan more or less could imagine why Irina didn't manage to come up with any decent plan. It was probably because she was similar to him she was someone who could only come up with plans where she was the core of everything. Ryan does that because he couldn't trust others all that much, while Irina probably does that because she wanted to show off. Either way, their behavior was troublesome in many ways.

Irina decided to say in silence while she was eating her breakfast. She still was trying to come up with a decent plan, but nothing really came to her mind. Ryan could respect that stubbornness, but he couldn't wait for it forever. As far as he was concerned, taking thirty of the bosses down wasn't something they couldn't do directly, and Irina wasn't used at doing things indirectly.

"Ah! Screw it!" Irina finally snapped. "We are going to kill those fuckers head on!"

Natasha looked at Ryan, but he only shrugged. Calling that a plan was beyond stupid in the end, Ryan was forced to step forward and offer a better temporal solution. It was the best thing they could do right now.

"Let's attack the army of monsters at night," Ryan said. "You have the Silent Killer class, so do I. With those skills, we can decrease the number of enemies exponentially before they can find us."

"What is the difference between attack now and at night?" Irina asked. "In the end, we still will be surrounded by an army in thirty seconds."

"The army won't be a problem, the bosses are the problem," Ryan said and then made himself, Natasha, and Irina levitate with Telekinesis. "We can escape the army with this, but fighting the bosses will be rough since they really can fly, unlike us. That is why we are going to sneak in and kill some of them before the real fight starts."

Irina stayed silent while she considered Ryan's words. The wasps could fly, but they weren't that fast. So, they could escape from them. She recognized the fact that the bosses were the real problem, but even so, she was against the idea of following the lead of a foreigner. That was the reason why she was hesitating. Her only options were to throw away her pride or start a suicide attack.

"I have a better idea, I will fight those fuckers head on and you make sure that they won't surround me," Irina said. "We can do that at night, but you will spend too much mana by making the three of us fly. That will be your only job."

While Ryan couldn't see how come that was a better idea, some parts of it weren't completely useless. He recognized the fact that perhaps Natasha should say on a ground level alongside Furball. That way, they will divide the attention of the army of monsters, and Ryan also would recover some mana when Furball kills some monsters. The real problem is how to prevent Irina from getting surrounded. As expected, he will have to improvise and perhaps anger her a little bit.

"Prepare yourselves, we are going to attack after sunset," Irina declared.

In the end, it looked like Ryan will be forced to rely on the Power of Money again. Even if he goes all out, the chances of him holding back a few of those bosses were close to none. Stopping almost thirty of them was definitely impossible.

"You know, you can always use Draconic Transformation," Femradiel said.

"That is not an option," Ryan said. "Still, you have been very helpful as of late, so I will listen to other ideas you might give."

"Yay, I am a helpful dragon, I can die happy knowing that I fulfilled my lifelong mission," Femradiel said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1