Chapter 383: Copy

Chapter 383: Copy

Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance, but in the end, he quickly recovered from the unpleasant surprise. It was time to change his plans. Fortunately, he had some new ideas. There was nothing like the crazy reality of the battlefield to refresh one's mind.

"Femradiel, you can be a little rougher with Irina," Ryan said.

"I don't know what are you talking about," Femradiel said.

"Make her spin like I do with my weapons, that will be increasing the piercing power of her attacks," Ryan explained. "Even if she falls unconscious, her stats still will apply to the attacks. So, you can treat her like one of my weapons. However, try to be a bit less obvious with your attacks, try to attack the wings of the bosses whenever possible, that should work better than trying to blind them."

Ryan had been playing safely until now since he didn't actually know how much mana he was recovering thanks to his golems, but since they won't last forever, it was only natural that it was time to take some chances.

Activating Deadly Aim, Ryan began to relentlessly attack all the monsters. Even though he wasn't focusing on a single one of them, the attacks caused critical damage and made huge chunks of the monster's body to fly around. At the same time, Femradiel finally made Irina spin at a speed that she felt satisfied. She made her fly around like a very annoying fly that could easily cause high amounts of damage. When some bosses tried to block her charge, they even lost their claws. Things were going well, but as expected, Ryan noticed that using Deadly Aim with every single of his attacks was too much his mana was finally decreasing.

"Shit why does something troublesome always happen when things start to go well?" Ryan clicked his tongue.

Ryan didn't have any other real plan per se, but he decided to stick with what was working, and so far, surprising the monsters with new attacks surprised quite well. While it was annoying to use that kind of skill, Ryan decided to compromise due to the situation.

"Femradiel, attack when you see fit," Ryan said.

"What are you talking about? I am already doing that," Femradiel said.

Ryan suddenly opened his mouth, and then a massive torrent of cold wind flew toward the nearest boss. The monster tried to block the attack imagining that it was one of Ryan's ordinary skills, but in the end, the beast failed. Ice Breath completely froze the arms of the monster and a good part of its face. Femradiel noticed what Ryan meant earlier and quickly attacked that monster's head and completely annihilated the defenseless monster.

You obtained 741.653 coins.

That was good way to attack, but in the end, the bosses retreated even more. Ryan's strength was at a long-distance, but the monster understood that he was no pushover at middle and close range.

"I am reading the thoughts of this girl and while she is barely conscious, she is planning to make you pay for this," Femradiel said.

"Ignore her," Ryan said. "Letting her attack alone is a waste of time and mana."

Since the bosses increased the distance between them and Ryan even more, Ice Breath wouldn't be as nearly as effective. So, Ryan needed to surprise the monsters with something different. However, before he could come up with anything, the monsters opened their mouths, and that green sphere of death appeared.

"Not again" Ryan sighed.

Ryan immediately flew upward, but then he had another idea. He turned around and activated Plagiarism. He stopped using Telekinesis for a second, but in the end, while he was falling, he fired several of low-level Poisonous Catastrophe at the monsters.

You plagiarized Poisonous Catastrophe level 20.

Effect: It grants you the power to charge an attack that has the effects of poison and acid. Causing damage equal to your intelligence multiplied by ten percent for 0.1 seconds of charge.

You can charge the attack for 2.0 seconds.

While Ryan didn't cause much damage, but he at least stopped half of the monsters from attacking him with a barrage of those annoying spells. Soon after, Ryan reactivated Telekinesis and lost the ability to use Poisonous Catastrophe. Some of the bosses were agonizing with the poison in acid in their mouths, while others decided to stop their charge and kill Ryan as fast as possible.

Ryan resumed his escape, but he decided to block the magic projectiles with his shield this time. Since the attacks had been far weaker than the first wave, Ryan managed to block them, but his shield almost melted several times, and, in a hurry, he had to repair them. When Ryan finally obtained some seconds to breathe, he saw the bosses slightly trembling due to his shield's reflective power.

Irina, while being controlled by Ryan, attacked the stunned monsters. The speed was so intense and effective that Ryan even considered attacking like that with his Chaos Axe. However, that kind of strategy only worked when someone like Ryan could cover for Irina, so he discarded that idea. Another boss fell down thanks to Irina and Femradiel's relentless attacks, but it looked like things were about to become troublesome.

"I am sensing the approach of an unknown army coming from the south," Femradiel said.

Ryan looked in that direction, but he didn't find anything. It looked like some unexpected guests decided to join the fight, and Ryan didn't like their timing. Coming from that direction it couldn't be Irina's soldiers; it was too soon for them to show up.

"Shit, why now of all times" Ryan muttered in annoyance.

No matter what happens, Ryan couldn't get caught between two armies. That would be beyond disastrous and unfortunately, it looked like they will have to retreat completely. However, before he could decide that, Femradiel interrupted him.

"It looks like someone from that army is trying to communicate with this woman," Femradiel said. "I can't read the message since she is unconscious."

Ryan gave the order for Femradiel to stop, and then they slowly moved away from the monsters while he kept them in check by firing bolts occasionally alongside Deadly Aim. They had to be fast because eventually, the beast would understand that Ryan was trying to stall for time

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1