Chapter 386: Customers

Chapter 386: Customers

Natasha tried to convince Victor for quite a while, but in the end, she gave up because it was the same as talking with a door. A door that could walk and punch you when it gets angry.

"Sorry, but it looks like we will have to improvise," Natasha said. "If you try to sell to him some equipment, then perhaps"

"I have no intention of making business with assholes," Ryan said. "Regardless, this is not really a problem, there are many other ways in which I can get what I want."

" Without causing problems for the people of my country?" Natasha hesitated to ask.

"I am not that considerate, the best I can do is reach my goals without causing casualties," Ryan replied. "I can't cross some lines to reach my own goals, but I can't naively think that I can solve problems without breaking a few bones of those that might stand in my way."

Natasha imagined that Ryan would, no matter what, clear the tier three dungeon under Victor's control. She felt like she had to help him, but her options were limited, and Ryan wasn't someone patient either. In the end, the time for the next fight has come, and she failed at thinking of a new solution.

"Let's get going," Irina declared.

As expected, Irina decided not to use any plan. While that seemed idiotic, Ryan decided to wait and see. Some of his golems managed to escape from the fight last night, so they were waiting for Ryan's commands, and he will use them to massacre the demons. In the end, when the demons appeared in their field of vision, Irina just did one thing.

"Attack!" Irina raised her sword and shouted.

Like an army of brain-dead crazy demons, Victor's army, led by him, charged toward the monsters. They even weren't orderly with their charge there was no formation as if they trained as individuals and not as a proper army. It was such a waste of momentum but at the very least, there was no hesitation coming from them.

"Repeat what you did yesterday," Ryan told Natasha, and then he began to levitate.

Natasha nodded, so Furball and her dashed to attack the monsters from their sidelines. Ryan might not have another chance to. He also gave the order for his golems to return they just needed a few minutes. He began to attacks with his crossbows, but his concentration broke since Irina was still behind. Her eyes were stuck on Victor while her sword was in her hands. She wanted to see him fight before she joins the battle.

When Victor started to kill the demons, he looked like a hot-knife cutting butter while he attacked the monster. There was no resistance, and whenever he selected a target, he would disappear from a moment, and the demon would be split in half in the next half a second. Even in his humanoid form, he was essentially stronger than Ryan. No wonder his rank was so high

" Fucking bastard, he increased the distance even more," Irina clicked her tongue and then said.

It looked like Irina hoped that the distance in terms of raw power between her and Victor had decreased, but she was dead wrong. Victor was still stronger, and he could become at least eight times stronger by turning into a dragon Despite that, she quickly joined the fight.

The human army was unstoppable. Even though their status began to decrease due to the pollen, they didn't even try to retreat. Ryan tried to kill as many wasps as possible on their path to decrease the debuff effects, but in the end, he also had to move forward because the monsters were chasing Victor and moving away from his range.

Coming from the North, the golems that Ryan had created joined the fight, and once again, Ryan's mana began to be recovered at insane speeds. After summoning two magic bows, his attack speed doubled, and dozens of monsters fell by his hand every second. To the point where even Victor couldn't help but stop and look at Ryan's direction.

"Don't stare at me dumbass, they are coming," Ryan frowned when he saw the bosses flying toward Victor and his soldiers.

While making bolts rain over them, Ryan also used his short lances and made them spin to blind those fuckers again. However, before he could do anything, Ryan saw Victor jumping toward one of them. The monster prepared a short Poisonous Catastrophe, but before it could fire it, Victor disappeared. In the next moment, he reappeared behind the beast, and then the boss was split in half

"How the heck can he do that when his weapons are gauntlets and boots?" Ryan frowned.

"If you move supersonic speeds, even blunt damage can split an enemy in half," Femradiel explained. "However, I think he is actually using some sort of spell to make his attacks sharper. Even though his weapons have that shape, he can still cover them with mana and give the shape of a blade."

That explanation seemed a bit weird, but despite that, it also seemed strangely accurate. Victor selected another target, and at the same time, his soldiers jumped to attack the other bosses. While some of them even failed at reaching the bosses, most of them managed to land a hit, and each other's attacks caused massive damage. In the end, the soldiers alone killed three bosses in less than a minute.

"Just what the hell" Ryan muttered in shock.

Ryan didn't stop his attacks, but at that point in time, he focused on attacking the mobs since he could end up hitting Victor's soldiers due to the fact that their coordination sucked. Regardless, Ryan was having a hard time watching that army of humans. They were insanely strong despite their many weaknesses as a group. But to think that they could defeat those bosses so easily in the end, the bosses didn't last even five seconds.

After coming this far, believing that working with many others would only slow him down, Ryan was forced to ponder if his assumptions weren't incorrect. Victor forced him to do that. He was stronger than him, even without the draconic powers and his soldiers were quite strong as well. Maybe only a group of three could take down a dragon and they were completely loyal to Victor. Perhaps the problem wasn't the lack of trust that Ryan had in others. Maybe the problem was Ryan himself

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1