Chapter 389: Fire Golem

Chapter 389: Fire Golem

While his soldiers were entering the fortress, Victor stayed behind and waited for Ryan and Natasha to show up. While it didn't look like he would forbid their entrance, he wasn't showing a very welcoming expression on his face.

"You are the leader of one of our camps, even though it is the smallest, you are still a leader," Victor said. "However, here, you will have to follow my rules."

"Whatever you say" Natasha shrugged.

"As for you you can't leave Natasha's said," Victor said while glaring at Ryan. "If someone sees you walking around alone, my men will restrain you."

They certainly will try, but Ryan didn't intend to let their job be easy. Rather than that, he wasn't even interested in entering the fortress. He just wanted to clear the dungeon and then leave. There was nothing else for him in that country.

"You know why we are here, Victor," Natasha said. "Let's just solve that matter already."

"That matter is already solved, I won't let a foreigner obtain power in my country," Victor said.

"We need to negotiate this, I already gave my word that Ryan would clear our level three dungeons," Natasha said.

"That is your problem, not mine," Victor said.

Even Ryan was already tired of that exchange. As for Natasha, she was having a hard time controlling the volume of her voice. She wasn't exactly a calm person, to begin with. If she were, she wouldn't have promised to help Ryan to accomplish his goals in her country.

"There must something we can do to convince you to change your mind," Natasha said.

" If you become my subordinate, I will give him permission to use my dungeon," Victor said.

"Why you" Natasha clenched her teeth.

"Oh, boy here I thought we were talking serious business here," Ryan sighed. "But in the end, you just want her by your side, huh. Your life here must be pretty lonely."

It was Victor's time to clench his teeth in anger. Apparently, that was a touchy subject, and much for Victor's annoyance, he couldn't just attack Ryan after he said that. It would only confirm his point and make Victor embarrass himself even further. Natasha had a hard time believing that Victor still had feelings for her, so she only frowned.

"I can't abandon my subordinates," Natasha said. "I learned a lot in the last few days thanks to Ryan, I will pass to you all that knowledge if you agree to help us here. Believe me, you, me and everyone else in the entire world will need to hear about this, if we want to survive in this world. The problem that we are facing is much bigger than we expected."

Victor considered Natasha's words for a few seconds. Even though he was a muscle-head, Victor was fully aware that he was focusing too much on protecting his territory. While he didn't waste a single day of training, Victor still felt that he was too passive in his actions. Aside from this time where he left the border to obtain half of a new dungeon's rights, he couldn't remember the last time in which he took some risks or obtained some valuable intel. Only someone like Ryan, who crossed several countries, could have the intel that would be extremely valuable to him.

" I will listen to that intel first and determine if they are really that valuable," Victor said. "Only after hearing all you have to say I will determine if he can enter the dungeon with you."

"You'd better not to try to screw with us by forcing me to tell you those things first, Victor," Natasha said.

Victor and Natasha proceeded to enter the fortress, but Ryan decided to stay behind and watch the dungeon from afar. While he probably won't obtain the chance to fight the monsters, seeing their status was already good enough in that kind of situation.

The dungeon was one of those underground dungeons which appeared in an area that had no mountains. Ryan was expecting to see some type of underground monster that would love the darkness like bats, but much to his surprise, he found a type of monster that he saw many times before.

Fire Golem  Lv 190

Health: 12.000/12.000

Mana: 12.000/12.000

Stamina: 12.000/12.000

Strength: 2500

Dexterity: 2500

Speed: 500

Intelligence: 2500

Endurance: 2500

Control: 2500

Mentality: 2500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 7500

Willpower: 2500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Fire Charge Lv 150

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 100, Focus Lv 100

Spells: Explosive Bullet Lv 120, Explosive Arrow Lv 120

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 250, Fire Resistance Lv 250

"Well, well look has been upgraded," Ryan muttered while he watched some soldiers fighting a fire golem.

Much to Ryan's surprise, all the soldiers had shields, and not even a single one of them tried to dodge the golem's attacks, be they ranged or melee. They always tried to block the attacks, even though each one of them could make them fly for several meters. Although Fire Golems were more balanced than the ordinary ones, they still were a force to be reckoned with. Ryan even wished that his golems could evolve and become like those, but that was a bit too much.

"I have nothing to do here I guess I will make some potions and store them inside my storage dimension," Ryan shrugged.

Ryan decided to rest his back against Furball's fur. While the weather had improved considerably, Ryan already grew accustomed to that, and it was pretty relaxing. While the fortress guards still threw annoyed looks at him, Ryan ignored them all and focused on the task ahead.

Congratulations! The class Alchemist has reached level 20.

Now you can produce STR potions!

Formula: eight red soul essences + one green soul essence + one blue soul essence.

After reaching that notification, Ryan felt even more compelled to make potions. Not only was that another good source of income, but he will also be able to increase his status without consuming mana Ryan couldn't ask for more.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1