Chapter 385: Warn

Chapter 385: Warn

In the end, Natasha convinced Victor to back down on the matter, at least for the time being. Ryan had no idea what they agreed beforehand, but since Irina was the one who started the mission, she still was the one who would give the calls. At least when it comes when they should attack, and they should retreat.

"We will attack tomorrow at noon," Irina declared. "We have the numbers to succeed in a frontal attack, but I am still tired thanks to a fucking someone and you guys are also tired since you worried to arrive on time."

"We can fight right now," Victor declared.

"That is my decision, if you don't like it, you can leave and try later in case I fail," Irina said and then turned around and headed to her tent.

"I will remember that," Victor said.

"You sure like those words, don't you?" Irina shrugged.

Victor gave the order for his men to set up a camp on their own, and they quickly accomplished that task. Meanwhile, Ryan and Natasha were resting in the open air and in front of a campfire. That was a first for Ryan to fail in a fight and still have the chance to keep his head in its rightful place.

"Thanks for before, but you shouldn't do that again," Natasha said. "Victor only did that to scare me, he wouldn't dare to attack me."

"Duly noted," Ryan said.

"Victor was once my boyfriend, so you can rest assured that what I am telling is the truth," Natasha said.

"That was something I didn't need to hear," Ryan said while recalling the events of the battle. "Anyway, give me the spatial ring and let's see how much damage you caused to my stock of potions."

The fight against demons was lasting for quite a while compared to the others. Despite that, Natasha didn't use even twenty percent of Ryan's stock. As expected, Active Spiritual Recovery helped quite a bit. In any case, Ryan had a feeling that the situation will be solved tomorrow. Victor was strong, and despite the fact that he didn't look like someone who relied on strategy, they passed that much confidence.

"What do you think of the next battle?" Ryan asked.

"Honestly, I don't' think we will have to worry,'' Natasha said. "While Victor didn't choose the medusa's dungeon to guard, he chose an area almost equally difficult that had many dungeons to guard. Everything to obtain more power and train his subordinates. In just a few months, they cleared thirty or so dungeons."

That was a lot, considering that he stayed in a single region. From a certain perspective, Victor accomplished even more than Ryan, even though he was dumber than him. In any case, Ryan decided to make spare short lances since he didn't recover the ones he used to blind the bosses. However, Natasha was fidgeting for some reason, and what was preventing him from concentrating.

"What?" Ryan asked.

"I need a favor to ask," Natasha didn't let that chance go to waste. "I want to learn how to summon a Warg. It was pretty awesome to fight alongside Furball and I want an ally like him."

While Ryan imagined that something like that was bound to happen, he couldn't help but sigh. Still, for some odd reason, Ryan felt that he should give Natasha a hand with that. It looked like his male instincts of helping a pretty girl whenever possible still were alive. That or the fact that Natasha didn't stay quiet when Victor was about to dash at him for no real reason.

"Well let's see if we can find some tricks with the Teacher class," Ryan shrugged. "Still, you will have to feed your Warg for quite a while before he can do anything against monsters."

Ryan spent the night trying to find a hole in the Teacher class, and fortunately, he found one. It was a lot more time-consuming, but he could teach his students some skills even while not casting them. To save mana, he could make a Fireball fly around him, and his students would slowly learn the spell. The same thing could be applied to Furball. Ryan just had to give him orders constantly. In any case, based on what Natasha mentioned about the learning bar, it would take a little more than four days for her to learn the skill.

After sunrise, even though they still had a battle ahead of them, Natasha decided to negotiate with Victor about the use of his tier three dungeon, and his position became clear from the very beginning.

"You and your soldiers can come and use it whenever you want now that you proved yourselves able to clear a level three dungeon," Victor replied. "However, no foreigner will obtain a class in my dungeon."

"If you decide to be unreasonable, I won't let you use my dungeon either," Natasha said. "Why don't you grow up a little? While you were playing your conspiracies games, Ryan helped me a lot and I decided to repay the favor. He is even helping Irina, who is a crazy bitch. He paid her and even let her get the drops, he is willing to do the same with you, but it looks like you are too stupid to realize that this is a good chance."

Ryan felt his back getting itchy since it was weird to be praised like that by someone who he only met a few days ago. Still, he was actually hoping that Victor would keep saying no. Why? Because he was looking for an excuse to cause problems for that asshole, he just needed a few more excuses, and Ryan won't feel even a little bit guilty when he causes some dungeon breaks on Victor's territory. Once he does that, invading his camp and entering the camp will be a lot smoother, Ryan would only need a couple of hours for that, and a few dungeon breaks will truly help him with that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1