Chapter 382: Potential

Chapter 382: Potential

Irina was smart enough to charge Concentrated Strike while Femradiel made her move around, so when the first chance finally appeared. Irina managed to pierce both eyes of another boss and cause massive damage. A lot of viscous liquid that was the blood and bodily fluids of the monster splashed on her, and she ended up throwing up but Ryan considered that a low price for almost killing the boss. Ryan focused all his attacks on that monster for a few seconds, and they finally managed to kill the first boss.

You obtained 651.369 coins.

That was a lot more coins than Ryan had expected Regardless, those thoughts disappeared when the monsters finally realized that chasing Irina was useless and that Ryan was controlling her. They didn't move from their position; they only opened their mouth toward him, and then Ryan saw several of those Poisonous catastrophes appear.

"Shit" Ryan said while he was sweating cold.

The angle was bad, if they fire at the same time, the attacks will cover Ryan's field of vision, and he wouldn't be able to use Flash. Moreover, the monsters were smart enough to wait in order to gain time and make Ryan even more nervous. Irina managed to attack one of them from behind and stop the monster, but Ryan still had to worry about fourteen other bosses.

Ryan couldn't risk letting those attacks get close to Natasha and Furball. They would decimate everything in a massive area. So, Ryan decided to fly even higher in the sky. However, he never showed his back to the monsters, and he still managed to keep attacking with his crossbows and magic bows.

At the end, not only the bosses fired their spells at the same time, they even made the massive spheres of deadly liquid join together and create a seemingly unavoidable gigantic spell. Ryan tried to escape with his increased speed and Flash, but the bosses even managed to control the sphere and make it change directions when he did it.

Ryan bit his lips in annoyance since he didn't have any other choice and then he turned around while he was escaping and used Power of Money like there was no tomorrow. In the end, the skill reached level where it could even cause damage to something as massive as that. Ryan didn't manage to make the sphere of death to explode, but at least he opened a path through the liquid Still, the smell alone made Ryan lose health while he was passing through it. At the same time, his nose and ears started to bleed.

When Ryan reappeared, even Irina showed a look of surprise. She thought that Ryan wouldn't be able to avoid such an attack. The bosses weren't much better. While they didn't talk, they were smart enough to understand that Ryan did something far beyond their wildest imaginations.

While the monsters were in shock, Ryan bombarded the same monster Irina was attacking, and eventually, another boss fell. They were making some progress, but they still had a long way ahead of them.

"This is taking too long" Ryan muttered, annoyed.

"Let me offer a solution to the situation," Femradiel said.

"As long as it doesn't require me transforming into a dragon, I will accept any idea," Ryan said.

In the end, Femradiel stayed quiet, and Ryan sighed. While Ryan already threw away his pride in order to save his own life when he used Power of Money, things were relatively well in his head. As long as he isn't forced to use it to defeat monsters, that was barely acceptable.

Long-ranged attacks weren't the best solution, so the bosses decided to use their sharp claws. The moonlight made those look particularly sharp while glinting, so Ryan couldn't help but gulp. Ryan immediately made his magic weapons that were on his back spin around him. It was time to let things become a little more personal.

While Irina was flying around attacking one monster at a time, Ryan was trying to escape from the boss's relentless attacks flying throughout the darkness of the night. When they got close enough, they tried to split him in half, but Ryan blocked the attack by using his magic weapons. At the same time, he tried to blind the monsters by attacking their eyes with dozens of bolts being fired every second, but the monsters were smart enough to leave one or two of their claws free to block those. That was getting annoying, so Ryan decided to use a new trick to surprise those beasts.

Ryan equipped his Flame Sword and then smirked before firing a barrage of Sonic Blades. The creature he attacked tried to use all of its claws to block the attacks, but those easily broke before the might of that skill in the end, three of those hit the monster's head, making it pierce all the way to its brain.

You obtained 841.362 coins.

"Holy shit how come a level one skill can be so powerful?" Ryan muttered in shock.

"It is all thanks to your high dexterity and mildly high intelligence," Femradiel said. "Not to mention, the cost of the skill you underestimated its potential."

Despite that amazing discovery, Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance he didn't think he would need much stamina to win that fight, so he only prepared mana potions. While he could use magic to restore it, it wasn't that fast. Besides, he doubted that the monsters would fall for the same trick twice.

The bosses slowed down on the chase and gained some distance over Ryan, and while he bombarded them with bolts, they focused on defense. All of his bolts had been deflected.

"Is that all you can do?" Irina asked while smiling confidently after she finally killed one of the bosses by herself.

" Femradiel, let her fall for a while," Ryan said.

Only a few minutes had passed since the start of the fight, and they managed to kill some bosses. That was a lot of progress, but much to Ryan's annoyance, the bosses that he had blinded earlier were approaching, and they weren't blind anymore.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1