Chapter 384: The Third

Chapter 384: The third

Irina woke up when Ryan used Purification on her. Strangely enough, that spell even can dispel the effects of dizziness she tried to attack him, but she quickly stopped and then showed an expression full of annoyance.

"Shit he noticed much earlier than I expected," Irina said.

"Who is talking with you?" Ryan asked. "The guy who is bringing an army? Is he a friend of yours?"

"He is an annoying piece of shit but I guess he is on our side," Irina said. "Let's retreat and meet with him. Or we might get caught in his pawns attacks."

That seemed like the best thing they could do, so Ryan fired a few Sonic Blades and fired some bolts with his Heavy Crossbow. In the end, since all of them were wounded, the bosses decided to take that chance to recover. They lost some allies, but they gained a deal of knowledge about the things that Ryan could do next time, they won't suffer so many losses.

Natasha frowned when she saw Ryan and Irina retreating. Unlike them, she

had a pretty good time hunting the demons, so her skills leveled up like crazy, and she loved that. But then her expression changed when she heard about the news.

"Coming from the South is that Victor?" Natasha asked.

"Of course, it is, your stupid wench," Irina said, annoyed. "A dungeon like this can't appear out of nowhere and exist without the knowledge of those who live nearby. While I kept the existence of this place a secret, that asshole probably has some spies in my camp that informed him of the dungeon. I thought it would take a week for the information that I would try to clear the dungeon to reach him, but I was wrong."

Ryan finally understood everything. While Irina was unreasonable in trying to clear the dungeon in a week, she had a good reason for that more or less. She wanted to obtain full control over that dungeon, but if Victor joins the fight, that won't be possible.

After running away from the monsters for a few minutes, Ryan and the others finally met the army that Femradiel had mentioned. There were only one hundred or so people in there, but those guys looked pretty tough looking. Not to mention, the leader seemed leagues above the others. It was a green-eyed dude who had light brown hair and a great physique. While his army had male and female soldiers wearing full plate armor, the only gear that he had was a pair of silver boots and gauntlets that made Ryan remember a dragon with the gravures in it.

Boris (Indri)

Class: Monk Lv 80 / Brawler Lv 70 / Champion Lv 68 (--)

Race: Lesser Dragon/--/ --

Rank: 75th

Health: 2425 (+80.000)

Mana: 2121 (+80.000)

Stamina: 2396 (+80.000)

Strength: 1250 (+8000)

Dexterity: 150 (+8000)

Speed: 1550 (+8000)

Intelligence: 81 (+8000)

Endurance: 1000 (+8000)

Control: 50 (+8000)

Mentality: 250 (+8000)

Luck: 70 (+8000)

Recovery: 1000 (+8000)

Willpower: 250 (+8000)

Coins: 2.099.452

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Skills: Bash Lv 80, Concentrated Strike Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 70, Improved Strength Lv 70

Spells: Acid Lance Lv 150

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 200, Cold Resistance Lv 200, Electric Resistance Lv 200, Poison Resistance Lv 200,

Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at that guy he was even stronger than Alissa. That was insane in any case, he didn't know if his frown or something else made Victor angry, but he was glaring at him. He said something in Russian, and he looked pretty displeased, but as usual, Ryan didn't understand anything.

"What is this foreigner dog doing in my country?" Victor asked.

"Don't start, Victor," Natasha said. "He has been helping us for the past few days, you who only arrived now have no rights to complain about who is fighting with us or not."

"I have all the rights to contest your incompetence," Victor said. "Have you no shame on relying on a man from another world country to do your job?"

"So, you even put spies on my camp as well," Natasha furrowed her eyebrows. "You are the shameless one here, keeping an eye on your allies and refusing to help when they need a hand."

"Ryan, this guy is" Femradiel said, but then she was stopped.

Victor turned into a blur, and the next time Ryan saw his body completely, he was preparing to punch Natasha. Ryan pulled her back with Telekinesis and, at the same time, slowed Victor down with the same skill. His mana quickly dropped to dangerous levels, but he managed to stop his attack entirely.

" bad news," Femradiel continued.

The one hundred or so soldiers behind Victor pointed their weapons toward Ryan, but they didn't dare to attack someone who managed to stop an attack from their leader.

"You are going to pay for this," Victor said.

"Oh yeah? Are you going to call your big bro? The dragon inside you?" Ryan asked. "Don't cry too much in front of him, otherwise he might get disappointed."

"Stop," Natasha said. "Are you going to embarrass yourself even further in front of your subordinates, Victor? You have fallen so low to the point where the first think you think of doing to those who disagree with you is attack them. You are a real embarrassment for all the survivors of our country."

" It looks like you really have a death wish," Victor said.

Meanwhile, Irina was watching the whole exchange as if she was having the time of her life. She really wanted to see Victor getting what he deserved, but even so, she wasn't putting much faith in Ryan or Natasha's victory if a fight breaks out.

"Our agreement was not to get on each other's way," Natasha said. "If you can't keep your word, then you deserve the respect of your subordinates. If you aren't here to help, then leave. Once the dungeon is cleared, we can solve this issue. The safety of our people is our only goal."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1