Chapter 399: Extermination

Chapter 399: Extermination

Electric Short Spear

Effect: Causes electric damage and paralyzes the foe for one second after every hit when causing more than five percent of damage per attack.

Durability: 80/80

Mana: 760/800

Now that Ryan could use Mana-Eater, he also could see another piece of information on his magic items. It was the amount of mana they had within themselves, and it was exactly how much mana he could obtain. Since the number of mobs on his way was high, Ryan didn't waste much time creating magic items. He only got the drops and then let Femradiel use Mana-Eater.

"You can also use this spell on dead monsters," Femradiel said.

"Let's leave the bodies for Furball," Ryan said while watching a small battle between the silver tigers and the black tortoises. "Besides, just like you said, I don't have time to waste by making pauses so often."

While Ryan decided to hunt those monsters down to strengthen himself, things already got complicated pretty soon. Even a small-scale battle between those two species of monsters was something way too massive for Ryan. Attacking them randomly might turn him into everyone's target, so Ryan had to proceed with caution to some extent. He didn't have much time to be cautious.

"I guess I should stick to the basics, attack with Thunder Lord Crossbow the black tortoises and then burn the tigers with Fire Master Crossbow," Ryan muttered and then frowned when one of the silver tigers got hit by a body slam and then hit a nearby mountain, making everything in the area tremble.

Instead of waiting for the monsters to kill themselves a little more, Ryan equipped his Sagittarians'' Bow and then knocked his Paralyzing Spear. Finally, he realized that he had to upgrade his longbow as well, and the best option was to create a new one.

"Now that I can use Spatial Manipulation, I can also store something as big as a ballista," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Maybe I should make two of them and seal the souls of those freaks."

The power of such enchanted weapons would really be something to see. However, that was something that could help him in the future, but not now. The most obvious solution to that problem was to rely on Power Shot. However, Ryan will hit only a single monster, and he has to defeat ten of them, before he becomes their dinner. Attacking from above wasn't a possible solution since the silver tigers could hit him with their lightning bolts. In the end, Ryan managed to come up with a plan, it wouldn't let him finish those ten monsters instantly, but it was something worth a shot.

"Let's see if this can work" Ryan muttered.

Ryan summoned three magic crossbows and then equipped his most powerful weapons in each hand. In the end, even before starting, Ryan thought that what he was doing was insane but fighting against an army of thousands of monsters that were even stronger than dragons was equally insane. Regardless Ryan activated Power Shot in all his weapons, and it actually worked.

"Holy shit" Ryan laughed nervously.

His stamina was dropping at an insane speed, but Femradiel managed to recover Ryan's stamina and mana by using several potions. The level of resistance of those creatures was insane, so Ryan only stopped charging after five minutes when his stock of stamina potions was completely empty he will have to focus on those on his potion creating process as well.

At the last moment, Ryan activated Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim, and then he fired. Even though he didn't break a record of charging Power Shot, his skills still pushed Ryan backward and made him fly for dozens of meters. In the end, Furball got Ryan since he spun so much that he almost lost consciousness, but somehow, his crazy plan worked.

You obtained 70.000 coins.

You obtained 70.000 coins.

You obtained 65.000 coins.

Five bosses died instantly. The power of his crossbows was that insane. It was a pity that Ryan couldn't the monsters' souls to make more magic items, but that was just a minor nuisance.

Before the monsters could find him, Ryan jumped on Furball's back and then gave him the order to run. At the same time, he began to attack the monsters with his crossbows. Fortunately, it looked like Ryan picked the right targets. Only two silver tigers could keep up with Furball's speed However, they failed to get close due to Thunder Lord Crossbow's power.

"Kitting have never been this fun," Ryan smirked.

"You shouldn't forget that you are low on mana potions," Femradiel said. "End this quickly before you have to rely on recovery alone to fight."

"Yes, conscience," Ryan said.

While Ryan was delaying the monsters with Thunder Lord Crossbow, Ryan decided to charge another Power Shot with his other weapon. After a while, he fired the two bolts at the same time and made half of the face of a silver tiger explode. Before the creature could recover, Ryan pulled the triggers several times and then finished off the boss.

After that, Ryan equipped his Pestilence Crossbow and fought the remaining monster with poisonous and electric bolts. Whenever the beast tried to open its mouth and hit Ryan with a lightning bolt, he hit the monster's tongue with a bolt and shocked the beast. After a while, the monster's mouth was so full of bolts that the creature couldn't close it.

In the end, the monster decided to retreat, but Ryan fired a Power Shot and destroyed one of the creature's legs. Unable to do anything, the beast became an easy target for Ryan's Magic Upgrade. He used the creature's soul to make his crossbow even more powerful.

"I can do these three more times, but I can't neglect the other crossbow and those three black tortoises." Ryan said and then gave Furball the order to return to where they left the remaining monsters.

Killing three black tortoises had been surprisingly easy since they were slow. Unfortunately, since Ryan kept his distance, the monsters pretty much destroyed all the area's vegetation with their fire attacks.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1