Chapter 390: Str Potion

Chapter 390: STR potion

STR potion

Effect: Increases your strength temporarily by twenty-eight points for three hundred seconds. This effect can stack indefinitely, but all the bonuses will disappear five minutes after the first potion was used.

Ryan rubbed his chin while he analyzed the first potion made. After doing some basic calculations, Ryan confirmed that the bonus base of strength was twenty points. The other eight were thanks to his Alchemy and Auto Medication skills while it was weird that such passive skills could change the description of an item, Ryan didn't pay much attention to it. The real important information was that Ryan could increase his attributes temporarily by using several of those potions.

"Femradiel, do you think my class and skills will level up faster if I keep making those STR potions?" Ryan asked.

"Evidently," Femradiel replied.

While eventually, Ryan will run out of red soul essences, he had a lot of them since he mostly made mana potions and a few stamina ones. Besides, by using them, Ryan will be able to train more effectively in his melee classes. While his primary fighting style won't change, those extra bonuses of level-ups will help him a lot.

Just like Femradiel said, the class and the Alchemist class's skills leveled up quite fast while he was making them. Unfortunately, Ryan didn't have more than a single hour to make some of them. He thought Natasha would spend a lot of time together talking and perhaps making out, but when they showed, Victor wasn't showing the expression of someone who scored. In fact, he looked even more annoyed than usual.

"Hey, where are the demons' dungeons?" Victor asked.

"The two near my country were already being dealt with," Ryan replied. "The third one is in Peru, near the capital, Lima."

"I want the other two locations," Victor.

"I won't tell their locations," Ryan replied.

"Ryan" Natasha said.

"Some people I know are working there," Ryan said. "There is no way I am going to let someone like him get close to them."

"The dragon inside him is trying to read your mind," Femradiel said.

Ryan immediately focused his senses and then recalled the fights that Alissa had against Baal and Lilith. Those were pretty intense memories, so they were easy to make them appear inside his head. At the same time, it was a useful way to stop thinking about the dungeons' locations. After a while, Victor gave up on waiting for his dragon to do the work for him and then stepped forward to glare at Ryan even more closely.

"You can stare as much as you want, you are dead wrong if you think someone like you scares me," Ryan said.

" If I challenge those demons, where are my chances of winning from your perspective?" Victor asked.

" It is hard to say since they didn't go all out when I saw them," Ryan frowned and then replied. "Still, if you really are eight times stronger in your draconic form and if they underestimate while you try to finish the fight in a single strike, maybe you have a ten percent chance to kill them."

"That is strangely accurate," Natasha said.

"I want to kill them as well, so I am always trying to simulate a fight with them in my head," Ryan explained. "Besides, that is just a very positive estimative. They are arrogant and I don't think they plan on fighting alongside their minions, but if their minions interfere Well, you already can imagine."

Natasha gulped since she could easily recall the last two fights against those demons. While things ended fairly well to the human side, Natasha was fully aware that it was only because they got lucky thanks to the fact that Victor was a greedy idiot.

Regardless, strangely enough, Victor didn't become enraged after hearing that. Knowing him, Ryan imagined that he thought that he was much stronger than any demon. Still, even so, he realized that several other humans were stronger than him, considering the ranking alone.

In the end, Victor left without saying any other word. Thus, it was impossible to determine if Natasha accepted the deal. However, that was only from Ryan's perspective. Apparently, Natasha had already obtained some details.

"The dungeon was already cleared today, so we will have to wait until tomorrow," Natasha said after a long sigh.

"Thanks, you saved me from a lot of trouble," Ryan said.

"You and the people from this area, right?" Natasha smiled.

"Indeed," Ryan nodded and then resumed his potion-making.

" You can't even deny, huh," Natasha sighed again.

It looked like Ryan's journey on Russian territory was coming to an end. While he faced some problems here and there, Ryan considered that he accomplished his mission. In the end, he was going to obtain another tier-three class, and he didn't have to kill any human. Now he just needed to clear the dungeon and help Natasha learn Summon Warg. Fortunately, based on Natasha's estimations, that was going to happen tomorrow as well.

In the end, Ryan spends the entire day and night outside the fortress making those potions and helping Natasha with that skill. Ryan also made sure to forge some crossbows since he didn't want to leave that region without creating a magic item that had the fire golems soul. Unfortunately, even though Victor gave permission for Ryan to use the dungeon, Victor himself was going to clear the dungeon in order to confirm that Ryan wouldn't do anything suspicious. Without any other choice, Ryan decided to use plan B.

"Can I kill one of them?" Ryan asked. "I can pay you for it."

"No," Victor replied.

Ryan sighed maybe it was time to jump to plan F: fuck that asshole by causing a dungeon break. In the end, Ryan also gave up on that. While he didn't mind causing problems to Victor any imbecile that decided to follow him, he didn't want to cause problems to Natasha. From all the humans Ryan knew, she was the least annoying, after all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1