Chapter 391: New Class

Chapter 391: New Class

In the end, Ryan felt like he only lost time during the whole trip toward the end of the dungeon. Victor was strong enough to sweep the floor with the Fire Golems, so Ryan didn't learn anything in particular, not even when he fought the boss: a magma golem.

Magma Golem  Lv 200

Health: 75.000/75.000

Mana: 60.000/60.000

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 5000

Dexterity: 2500

Speed: 1250

Intelligence: 5000

Endurance: 5000

Control: 2500

Mentality: 5000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 15.000

Willpower: 5000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Explosive Touch Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 150, Focus Lv 150

Spells: Magma Arrow Lv 120, Magma Spear Lv 120

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 250, Fire Resistance Lv 250, Electric Resistance Lv 250

"This looks like something who would cause some problems to me" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

It was kind of annoying to admit that, but Victor was stronger than Ryan in all senses, with the exception of the strategical thinking. Ryan wasn't a genius, but Victor was that much of a muscle-head. As if he was trying to show off in front of Natasha, Victor blocked all the monster's attacks and didn't hesitate to punch and kick the monster. While he fought for a few seconds, he probably could have decimated the monster in a few seconds if he had turned into a dragon.

"Be quick," Victor said to all those who had come with him, Natasha and Ryan.

Fortunately, Victor wasn't as silly as Irina, so he didn't care if Ryan would be the first or the last to get the class. He only wanted speed from everyone inside the dungeon.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Soldier, Mimic, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Two new classes, huh" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Conjurer I have already seen, as for the others they are a bit weird."

As usual, Ryan would choose the select class, but since the class was weird, Ryan was hesitating. Knowing that everyone aside from Natasha was a muscle head, they probably chose the Soldier class, but even when Ryan used Appraisal on some, he didn't see the class.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Mimic!

You obtained the following skills: Status Copy, Skills Copy, and Temporary Transformation.

Your intelligence and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, stamina, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Status Copy.

Effect: It grants you the chance to copy the status of someone or something else. You can copy the status of any sapient being as long as the total amount of all attributes doesn't exceed yours. If the total status points obtained by the target exceed yours, each attribute will lose a certain number of points to equal the current number of your status.

Cost: 25 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Skills Copy.

Effect: It grants you the chance to copy someone's skill list or something else that you have seen before. You can copy all the skills of any sapient being as long as the total number of skills and levels doesn't exceed yours. If the total skill points obtained by the target exceed yours, each skill will lose a certain number of levels to equal the current number and level of skills in your list.

Cost: 25 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Temporary Transformation.

Effect: It grants you the chance to assume the form of someone or something else.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

It indeed was a weird class using those skills in combat seemed useless for Ryan since he could only see himself as an archer, and until now, he didn't see anyone better than him when it comes to long-range stealth attacks.

"Well, I guess it will be useful for some infiltration jobs not like I had to do that until now," Ryan shrugged.

"The way you humans obtain power is really weird," Femradiel said. "While those abilities are weird and not combat-oriented, they still are powerful abilities. That is only something someone can learn after decades of deep study of the uses of mana."

"I couldn't agree more," Ryan said. "In any case, try not to talk too much when there is another dragon nearby. I want to keep your existence hidden from potential enemies."

"You can rest assured that the dragon inside Victor won't notice my presence," Femradiel said.

Ryan sighed because those reassuring words only make him feel more worried as far as he was concerned. In any case, Ryan's job in Russia was over, and now he just needed to help Natasha for a few more hours, and then he will be free to leave. However, knowing Victor, he will probably annoy him if they leave while he stays behind.

"Which class did you choose?" Natasha asked.

"That is none of your business," Ryan replied. "In any case, if you truly wanted to become a better archer, then you already know that there is only one option for you."

"While I know that, I couldn't help but hesitate," Natasha said. "Do you think I can learn some of your skills if I use Skills Copy with you and then practice the skills as much as possible?"

"Who knows?" Ryan shrugged. "You should try and confirm that theory. Instead of relying on others to learn new things, you should explore the system by yourself as much as possible."

While Ryan could understand how useful and efficient it was to learn things from others, a person who only relies on that to grow stronger, will never become the strongest. After all, they will always stay a few steps behind people like Ryan. Regardless, thanks to Natasha, Ryan learned something that he should investigate later since he knew that classes and some skills have many quirks and perks that could be useful, but the system never reveals them directly. Finally, she taught him something instead of the other way around

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1