Chapter 392: Another Use

Chapter 392: Another Use

When Natasha finally learned Summon Warg, she immediately used and jumped toward the puppy that appeared before her. She was so excited while smiling from ear to ear and rubbing her cheeks on her partner's cheek that Ryan couldn't help but smile a little. She was indeed an animal lover

"So cute, so fluffy!" Natasha said.

"I thought that you wanted a partner to help you in combat," Ryan shrugged. "Anyway, that Warg will be completely useless for a while, you can see by its status. I hope that you won't feed him all that much because you want to keep its current appearance that would make my hard work almost completely meaningless. Regardless, it is time for me to go."

"I am really thankful for your help, Ryan," Natasha said while she was holding the Warg in her arms as if the creature was a teddy bear. "Someday, I will repay the favor. I wish you good luck on your journey."

" I don't believe in luck, fate, and destiny, but I will accept your kind words," Ryan said and then jumped on Furball's back.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan gave Furball the order to move on. In the blink of an eye, he left Victor's camp and Natasha behind. Natasha waved his hand toward him until he disappeared in the distance. She felt thankful for the fact that he made a friend after so long. The people she knew either only respected and admired her but always kept their distance. As for Ryan, he only treated her like an ordinary person. Not like a leader of a survivors' camp.

Ryan also felt refreshed that he managed to interact with someone that he didn't particularly hate or felt annoyed with. While he didn't feel that way with Furball and Femradiel, they were different from the others. Regardless, the mission was finally over, and Ryan had to choose his next destination.

"China is too big just like Russia, and I really don't want to go to North Korea," Ryan muttered. "It looks like the best option is Japan, but I need to fly over three hundred kilometers of ocean Before that, maybe I should talk with Alissa and confirm that things are all right. Strangely enough, she hasn't been calling me all that much these days."

Now that he thought about it, Gustavo and the others haven't been as nearly as noisy as he thought they would be that was strange. Perhaps Ryan was getting used to working with others, and that was why he was missing the conversations he had with them that being said, Ryan would rather die than say that out loud.

"What?" Alissa asked, visibly angry when Ryan started the telepathy link.

"Are you in a bad mood?" Ryan asked. "How unusual."

"Of course, I am, you woke me up in the middle of the night," Alissa said. "Are you lonely or something?"

"It is the difference in the time zones, dumbass," Ryan said. "Anyway, if you don't mind, I want to know if things are alright where you are."

"The same as always, Mark is hitting his head against the wall due to the survivors, your goody two shoes' friends are moving around trying to solve problems like firefighters," Alissa said. "Aside from that, the only things worth noticing are that Arthur can already speak some words and that I cleared the troll's dungeon."

"Is that so good for you," Ryan said.

"There is another thing your friends are asking less and less frequent about you," Alissa said, and then her tone changed. "It looks like they are angry that you leaf the country behind in your quest for power."

"They are not my friends and what they think doesn't concern me," Ryan said. "Anyway, you still are reading other people's mind, huh. Maybe I should teach everyone how to counter that spell."

"I guess another thing worth noticing was that the power of the demons in Houston suddenly increased," Alissa said. "It looks like the tier of the dungeon increased, when I went there to clear the place, some of my guys obtained the classes."

"So, that happened there as well, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and then said.

Things were changing in the world again, and Ryan was quite sure that he wouldn't like those changes. Regardless, he also explained to Alissa that something similar happened in Russia. Naturally, she was interested in the topic when she heard the words: demons and Beelzebub, and just like Ryan, she found it strange that the general didn't show up.

"Their actions are changing" Alissa said. "Now that they know that some of us can fight against them, they are trying harder to make their dungeons reach max level faster. Regardless, to think that you would find so many Russians and someone even more high-ranked than me Why didn't you invite him to the telepathic channel?"

"Because he is a muscle-head asshole," Ryan replied.

"If you are going as far to be that directly I guess he wouldn't help us all that much," Alissa said. "Anyway, some tier two dungeons are also appearing now and then, and while the people here are getting stronger, you already know that Mark's system will eventually collapse. You should return as fast as possible.

After that, Ryan ended the call. While he really wanted to return as fast as possible to his home country, Ryan was fully aware that if he stays there, getting stronger slowly, in the end, he won't be able to do anything. Although the people in the base won't be able to use the tier three dungeons, he found, for the time being, it doesn't mean that they won't be able to use them later. So, mapping them was actually useful.

Now that Ryan confirmed that everything was all right, he could continue his journey without worrying too much about it. However, he also felt that he should learn some real teleportation spells sooner, if something happens and he is too far away.

Class: Hunter Lv 76 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 115th

Health: 1599/1599 (4, 37/s)

Mana: 2492/2492 (4, 37/s)

Stamina: 2450/2450 (4, 37/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 2550 (+1825) (+95)

Speed: 140 (+851) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+674) (+33)

Endurance: 28 (+131) (+160)

Control: 06 (+942) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+46) (+70)

Luck: 74 (+20)

Recovery: 1100 (+1167) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+46) (+40)

Coins: 55.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 75 (+ 03 UP), Concentration Lv 75 (+ 03 UP), Archery Lv 75 (+ 03 UP), Accuracy Lv 75 (+ 03 UP), Alchemy Lv 29 (+ 13 UP), Auto-Medication Lv 20 (+ 05 UP), Motivation Lv 01, Skill Camouflage Lv 01,

Spells: Mana Cannon Lv 01, Mana Missiles Lv 01, Fire Cannon Lv 01, Spatial Manipulation Lv 06 (+ 05 UP), Status Copy Lv 01, Skills Copy Lv 01, Temporary Transformation Lv 01,

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 41 (+ 02 UP), Archer Lv 68 (+ 02 UP), Combat Archer Lv 63 (+ 02 UP), Dark Slayer Lv 04 (+ 03 UP), Silent Killer Lv 04 (+ 03 UP), Mimic Lv 01

Non-Combatant: Alchemist Lv 25 (+ 12 UP)

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1