Chapter 393: Frozen Wolf

Chapter 393: Frozen Wolf

To make sure that nothing unpleasant would happen to him, Ryan decided to cross the ocean while flying several kilometers above sea level. However, while he managed to avoid those unpleasant surprises in the sea, Ryan had others when he finally reached Japan. Even though it wasn't that cold in the last part he had visited in Russian, the whole Northern part of that country looked like the North Pole. Everything was covered in ice and snow, and Ryan couldn't identify a single landmark. Moreover, the number of monsters was ridiculous. Fortunately, or perhaps, unfortunately, he could only find a single species.

Frozen Wolf  Lv 300

Health: 8000/8000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 7000/7000

Strength: 1200

Dexterity: 1500

Speed: 750

Intelligence: 200

Endurance: 1000

Control: 1000

Mentality: 1500

Luck: 400

Recovery: 2500

Willpower: 1500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Ice Claws Lv 280

Passive Physical Skills: Concentration Lv 200, Stealth Lv 150,

Spells: Ice Spear Lv 250, Frost Armor Lv 250

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 400, Earth Resistance Lv 200, Electric Resistance Lv 150

"Shit level three hundred," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. "The dungeon which spawns those fuckers definitely broke more than five times."

"If you don't mind while you let the severity of the situation trouble you, can I use Magic Bow to kill them?" Femradiel asked. "Their numbers are high, so this will be a good opportunity for me who didn't do anything battle-oriented in a while."

While Ryan frowned when he heard that, he understood that Femradiel had a point. Besides, while those enemies certainly were tough, they weren't a real threat to Ryan. He could fly, defend himself and attack without giving them a chance to attack with Silent Attack, so he let Femradiel stretch her battle instincts while he was pondering about the situation.

"Can you feel any human presence?" Ryan asked.

"Not a single one in twenty kilometers in all directions," Femradiel replied.

Ryan would find it weird if there were any survivors around when Ryan could count hundreds of monsters with his eyes alone. Regardless, based on what Ryan knew, the frozen wolves were probably interfering with the environment. That was why everything was frozen or covered in snow. While that would take a while, he was determined to kill all the monsters and bosses he might find.

You obtained 150 coins.

You obtained 150 coins.

You obtained 150 coins.

Unlike Ryan, Femradiel was really good at multitasking. After killing the monsters, she would use Telekinesis to bring them to Furball, and if they dropped something or iron ores, she would bring them as well. She was too efficient, so Ryan thought that he was cheating or something by relying on her even though she limited herself by using Ryan's skills and attacking based on his status as well.

"Magic Bow is really convenient there is no need to pull a trigger, after all," Ryan said. "Anyway, I guess I should help."

Ryan equipped his Pestilence Crossbow and Heavy Crossbow and joined the massacre. After a while, when they landed, Furball began his feast. However, despite the number of corpses, his status wasn't growing that fast. As expected, those were, at best, tier two monsters.

While you are having your fun, don't forget to search for humans, Femradiel," Ryan said. "I am using Radar and Awareness, but my range can't compare to yours."

"Trying to make more friends?" Femradiel asked.

"While Victor is an asshole, he made me realize that an army of humans can become a powerful asset if trained correctly," Ryan replied. "I can't make an army of humans if I don't find any. In any case, if I rescue some and bring them to Alissa or even Gustavo and his friends, I am sure they will become useful eventually."

"Why not train them yourself?" Femradiel asked. "Ah, wait your trust issues."

"If you already know, then don't ask," Ryan said. "Don't answer your own questions either."

The number of monsters was so high that Ryan made a mental note to pick the Necromancer class the next time he sees it. While he couldn't let the dungeons reach the max level anytime soon, he couldn't just stay forever in a single place hunting small fry creatures. While he was moving toward the South, he tried to kill as many monsters as possible, but he only killed those that actively stood in his way.

Ryan and the others quickly found some dungeons, but he ignored them all since hundreds of bosses were protecting them, and all of them were only tier two. Femradiel still killed some of them, but only while she was passing by, the monsters chased them but eventually gave up. Ryan and Furball were just too fast.

In the end, Ryan and the others crossed the entire northern part of Japan in a single day. While they still wasted some time moving around and looking for survivors, they didn't find any. That was really worrisome.

"I am picking presences in the South, several of them," Femradiel said. "But I don't think things are looking good."

"What do you mean by that?" Ryan frowned.

"Their numbers are fairly big, but they are fighting against each other," Femradiel replied. "I increased my range by focusing on a single direction, and due to it, I can't confirm that, but there are two fairly powerful presences among them and I don't think they belong to humans' presences."

Ryan frowned when he heard that. He didn't know many Japanese people, but he was fairly certain that they were a pretty civilized bunch. He couldn't imagine people that valorized their culture all that much to turn down against each other after just five months of crisis. However, what Ryan was really worried about was those non-human presences why would monsters participate in the fights of humans. They certainly weren't summoned monsters. After all, Ryan couldn't imagine a summoned creature becoming much more powerful than several humans. That would be way too weird

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1