Chapter 395: Fire Master Crossbow

Chapter 395: Fire Master Crossbow

Since Genbu was more of a tank and less than a long-ranged monster, Ryan wasted some time attacking to finish off the monsters. The Japanese survivors also bothered Ryan quite a lot, but Femradiel blocked their attacks with Ryan's shield. In the end, Genbu also fell down. Those gigantic creatures were troublesome to some extent, but since they were fighting alone, they weren't a real threat. Besides, Ryan wasn't fighting alone anymore.

Fire Master Crossbow (Fire)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that will burn your foes and decrease their recovery by fifty points for sixty seconds.

Dexterity + 150, Intelligence + 60

Durability: 140/140

After obtaining another powerful weapon, Ryan turned around to face the survivors. Despite everything, they didn't retreat or showed any sign of fear or resignation. They were ready to die fighting. Ryan could only respect their spirit, but not their choices of joining the monsters' side.

Do you want me to do it?" Femradiel asked.

"Why would I let you solve my problems?" Ryan asked.

"Despite your resolution, I can see that you are disliking this quite a lot," Femradiel replied.

Ryan couldn't say anything to that. That was the truth. While those people decided to make an enemy out of him, he didn't have to like the killing or the fact that the number of his enemies was decreasing. In the end, to satisfy his ego and to make the turmoil inside him to calm down, Ryan finished the survivors by firing Mana Arrows on their hearts.

You obtained 9.632 coins.

You obtained 17.789 coins.

You obtained 20.036 coins.

Ryan took a deep breath after the last one of them fell. The path he had chosen to follow wasn't an easy one. By cutting down the root of some problems that could grow in the future, Ryan saved himself from many headaches, but everything has a price. The price had to pay now was that he was more or less contributing to human extinction.

While Furball was eating some parts of the fallen monsters, Ryan got the loot that the survivors had. Some pieces of armor and magic weapons of all types and shapes, but those weren't particularly powerful. So, he sold all of them.

"Things are a bit weird here bosses are fighting against other bosses and humans joined their fights as well," Ryan muttered. "It would be stupid to hope that I won't see this scene repeating itself several times."

Just thinking about that was enough to make Ryan tired. He will never get tired of hunting monsters. If he gets tired someday, it would be the same as abandoning Earth and leaving it in the hands of monsters. However, on the first day he took a human life, he got tired of it it was only natural.

"Can you guide me to where you can feel similar presences of those monsters?" Ryan asked.

You will have to head South a little more, I can't pinpoint the location of the dungeons from so far away," Femradiel said. "But I can feel four massive concentrations of mana in a single area. I think those are what you call level three dungeons."

"Are they close to each other?" Ryan asked.

"Really close," Femradiel replied. "To the point where I can find it strange how come two bosses managed to reach this region."

By the look of things, the dungeons were so close that the monsters could easily find each other. While Femradiel found it weird that those bosses had come to this region when their dungeons were hundreds of kilometers down South, Ryan found it natural. After all, there was no way that the dungeon masters of four dungeons that broke three or four times would manage to organize the positions of hundreds of bosses, even more so when some humans joined their side.

In the end, Furball managed to get ten points in intelligence when he ate one of Byakko's legs and ten points of recovery by eating one of the Genbu's limbs. That was quite a lot of progress, considering that Furball only ate. Still, Ryan didn't feel like celebrating or anything.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan began to head South. However, instead of flying and easily revealing his position, he decided to let Furball transport him. Despite his size, he was quite silent while running, and with that, he will be able to surprise other bosses. However, after traveling for just a couple of minutes, he saw in the distance a group of survivors escorting other survivors, and a Byakko was with them.

"Femradiel why didn't you alert me of this?" Ryan asked.

"I thought you were only interested in the dungeons," Femradiel said. "You will waste a lot of time if you decide to stop after finding every little situation on your path."

At first, Ryan didn't understand the meaning behind Femradiel's words, but then he noticed that the group being escorted didn't have weapons and looked pretty beaten down. Some special shackles were also restraining her hands and legs Ryan's blood started to boil when he saw a boy who seemed no older than ten years with a single-arm, and the other arm still was bleeding.

Despite your words and your cold attitude, you still can't leave other humans alone, huh?" Femradiel said, and for some reason, she looked disappointed.

"You can call me nave if you want, but in the end, by acting now, I will get rid of some assholes while doing something meaningful," Ryan said. "Besides, if I help those prisoners, I will be able to gather intel much faster than just by mindlessly killing monsters and other humans."

"You don't owe any explanations to me," Femradiel said. "I am just worried that if you decide to act like this every single time, you will end up dooming us some day. If you die, I die. Also, I am pretty sure that you are fully aware that hostages' situations are where people like you expose your neck too much."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1