Chapter 404: New Class

Chapter 404: New class

Haruna's impression of Ryan only worsened after he single-handedly defeated the guards that were protecting the dungeon. Mostly thanks to Furball since he got covered in blood while he was eating the bosses. Haruna almost threw up when she imagined that Ryan would make his partner eat the Japanese guards. Enemies or not, they were still her countrymen

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Ryan frowned. "I am not going to make my partner taste human flesh."

Haruna sighed in relief since she confirmed that Ryan still had some morals. Regardless, she still was quite fearful of the strength of a single man that for some reason, decided to fight alone against the monsters.

"Did you already clear this dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"No," Haruna replied. "None of us have cleared it."

It looked like Ryan will have to leave Furball on guard duty. While he was more trustworthy than anyone in thousands of kilometers, Ryan wanted to leave someone behind who actually could give a proper report about things.

Regardless, Ryan took the lead and, alongside Haruna and the others, entered the dungeon and slew the earthworms that tried to devour him. Since he hurried, Ryan cleared the dungeon in less than five minutes, the boss didn't even have the chance to attack, thanks to Thunder Lord Crossbow.

"I guess they didn't clear the dungeon because when the dungeon breaks, they will have more food for those enormous beasts," Ryan said.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Gladiator, Pyro Trickster, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Pyro Trickster!

You obtained the following skills: Fire Charge, Explosive Touch, and Fire Armor.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Charge.

Effect: It increases your speed explosively for a single moment while your charge toward your enemy covered in flames. If you hit the target, you will cause damage equal to your strength plus your intelligence. Momentary bonus of speed: 2% per level.

Cost: 30 mana and 30 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Explosive Touch.

Effect: It causes an explosion when punching or kicking your foes, causing damage equal to your strength plus strength + 05% per level.

Cost: 25 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Armor.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an armor made of fire that increases your endurance and mentality by ten points per level. The armor decreases the effects of all fire-related attacks fired against you by one percent per level and increases your fire-related attacks by the same amount.

Cost: 25 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

In the end, Ryan decided to get a tier two-class, even though he wasn't expecting much, he received some pleasant surprises. All of those skills would be useful in some way or another, so Ryan started to question if he wasn't ignoring the potential of tier two classes.

Regardless, Ryan began to summon golems and filled the last part of the dungeon with them. Those monsters will not only make sure that no earthworm will escape the dungeon but will also attack all humans that might try to enter the dungeon at least for a while. It was only natural that such a plan wouldn't work forever.

"Summoning spells can you give them any order?" Haruna asked.

"Yes, I just gave them the order to attack everything on sight," Ryan replied.

" What will happen with the others that might help us?" Haruna asked. "While they won't have time to level up the classes, they still will be useful."

"If you want to make your friends get classes, then ask someone to go get them," Ryan said.

"I am going to clean those paces as fast as possible and then prepare for when the monsters will leave their base to investigate, and I am not going to wait for anyone."

While that was a golden opportunity, Haruna also realized that it was a race against time. Ryan had a point, and even Haruna knew that only a couple of survivors with two or three new classes wouldn't be of much use to his plans. Since he wasn't going to rely on them all that much anyway, Haruna and the others could only tag along and try their best to increase his chances of succeeding.

Haruna did exactly that. She sent her fastest companion to alert the others and make them prepare for their arrival on the third dungeon. As far as she knew, there were only three dungeons where the silver tigers and some survivors that joined their side guarded, and all of them fit Ryan's criteria: they spawned pretty massive organic monsters. The monsters that he was going to find in those dungeons were: Steel Eagle and Mad Elephants. Ryan frowned when he heard those names since they didn't look like the names of any mythological creature Ryan has heard of Regardless, they were big and had plenty of meat on their bodies, and that was exactly what the silver tigers wanted.

While Ryan and the others were heading toward the second dungeon, suddenly, he felt a slight discomfort as if someone invisible was too close to him. Ryan turned around and looked in all directions, but that sensation on his back didn't leave him.

You are being watched," Femradiel said. "Someone who has clairvoyance has found you."

Ryan knew that eventually, something troublesome would happen. Still, he didn't expect it would be so soon, and the possible enemy would have such a skill His job suddenly got even more difficult.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1