Chapter 409: Start

Chapter 409: Start

After heading South for a few hours, Ryan and the others finally could see the silver tigers' base and the bosses guarding the place. It really was a crazy sight to see hundreds of those creatures guarding a single place even though they couldn't live in there.

Although Ryan explained that Femradiel was a monster that could talk and Ryan had tamed her, Haruna and the others were still quite fearful of her. Even though she was smaller, they could see her status and how much more powerful she was in comparison to them.

"If you get any closer, you will be noticed by them," Femradiel warned. "Also, while his position isn't half bad, you should prepare some countermeasures in case the monsters decide to go all-out and attack you."

"I don't think they will, that would leave their base completely unprotected and the black-tortoises would use that chance to strike," Ryan said. "Still, you have a point. What kind of trap should I prepare here?"

"You can focus on decreasing their numbers, leave the traps to me," Femradiel said. "My elemental attribute will be more efficient at slowing the bosses down."

After saying that, Femradiel began to fly around, and then she landed in some places for a few seconds, Ryan used Detection, and he found some powerful magic traps armed around. Regardless, now he just had to come up with the perfect plan of action. Two days have passed since he sealed the dungeons in which the silver tigers could get food, but they haven't despaired enough since they could eat the black tortoises.

"We can only attack from his position since we will find many more monsters of the other species if we move," Ryan rubbed his chin. "I wanted to make the black tortoises attack first, but after this long, I guess I can't wait for that."

Ryan looked behind him and saw Haruna and the survivors ready to crossbows. Their mana regeneration couldn't be compared to his, so it looked like they would have to rely on potions. While they brought some, it was only a small number in which they could carry in a small backpack. Since Ryan had the Discount skill, he decided to buy a lot more mana potions for them.

"This will be a loan," Ryan said. "I want you guys to pay me for this later. Anyway, just firing mindlessly won't work. So, divide yourselves in two groups. When the first group runs out of mana, the second group will step forward and attack while the first group uses mana potions."

Haruna nodded at that. While she also thought that it would be better to divide the groups in four to give them some time to relax and recover from the tension as well, she knew that it wasn't possible. While their archery skills leveled up quite a lot in the last day, it wasn't to the point where even twenty of them could win a fight against Furball.

In the end, Ryan spent two million coins in potions. It took a while, but he managed to create a stock of eighty thousand potions. Haruna and her friends couldn't help but stare in shock at the pile of potions.

"I guess this is it I can't think of anything else to increase our chances right now," Ryan said.

Ryan only had a single doubt in his head. Should he use his DEX potions at the start of the fight and then slay as many bosses as possible in five minutes or save them for later in case something unexpected happens? In the end, he decided to save them for last since he was that paranoid. Besides, Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim were the only skills he needed to at least blind all the silver tigers.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan began to pull the level of his ballista. In quick succession, he fired several of the steel needles and blinded several monsters before the first ones finally could find his position. Haruna and the others barely could see the monsters five kilometers away, but they still clenched their teeth and fist when they sensed the monster's murderous gaze.

Dozens of them began to run toward Ryan, and that distance was something that they could cross in just a couple of seconds. However, Ryan's attack speed didn't decrease, and he proceeded to blind several more monsters before some of them opened their mouths to fire their lightning bolts. Ryan aimed the ballista at them, but before he could attack, Femradiel, who was flying above the group, fired some Ice Spears and stunned the monsters for a brief moment. Their attacks had been interrupted, and Haruna and her allies used that as a cue to join the fight.

"First group, Attack!" Haruna shouted.

Haruna pointed toward the monster they should focus their attack on, and she was smart enough to focus on the monsters that Ryan had blinded. They suffered critical damage and were bleeding profoundly, so they could be killed pretty fast. And so, they did. While some nervous survivors missed their targets, the vast majority of them hit the monster who was blind and could only run in a straight line. After doing some fast calculations, Ryan concluded that Haruna's groups could kill the silver tigers in around ten seconds if they focused their attacks. That wasn't half bad. The real problem was that they could only attack for that long with their mana pool.

"First group, stand down!" Haruna shouted. "Second group, step forward!"

Haruna saved Ryan from some problems since he didn't even think of commanding them. In any case, she was doing a pretty neat job considering that she was also firing bolts non-stop. However, since Ryan was focusing on binding the enemies, eventually, they got even close to the point where they could just jump and smash everyone with their massive weight. Still, before that could happen, several ice spikes emerged from the ground and impaled the monsters' limbs. Femradiel's traps were finally working.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1