Chapter 403: Unavoidable

Chapter 403: Unavoidable

Ryan was waiting expectantly for the day where he will be able to overpower his enemies, defeating them without relying on strategy. However, while he is waiting for it, he doesn't have any other choice besides adapting and improvising to the troublesome scenarios the monsters will show to him.

"The number of ordinary monsters here is too low," Ryan said while looking around. "I guess it would be troublesome to feed so many monsters if they stay in a single place."

Speaking of food, Ryan saw several vehicles coming now and then carrying the corpses of all kinds of monsters. As expected, the bosses that guarded the camp had to wait to obtain food like that since the black tortoises weren't stupid enough to get closer to their fortress. In any case, a solution for Ryan's problems just fell on his lap.

"I guess I will take over the dungeons and defeat the humans that are bringing the food. That way, I will force the silver tigers to leave their base to look for food," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "There isn't any dungeon in a few dozen kilometers, so the bosses will have to split to look for food."

"Some unexpected visitors are approaching," Femradiel said.

When Ryan heard that alert, he couldn't help but frown. He didn't mess up a single time, aside from the time he left the humans guarding that dungeon alone. Still, only that wouldn't be enough to make the monsters find his hideout. However, when Ryan focused his eyes in the distance, he facepalmed Haruna and some survivors were heading toward the silver tigers' camp. They were moving as if they were cautious, but they looked like a bunch of morons since Ryan found them so easily.

"I can't make them stay away since this business involves their country," Ryan said and then sighed. "I guess I will have to make them do something useful."

Ryan couldn't leave his position since he had to keep an eye on the surroundings, and there was no better place to do that than a place where he had the high-ground. So, he made Furball go meet those morons. They would recognize him since not even Ryan saw a dungeon that spawned Wargs until now.

After a while, Furball returned alongside Haruna and five other survivors. It was hard to know if she only managed to convince only them or if she had decided to split her soldiers to do something else.

"Hey hello again," Haruna forced a smile. "Fancy meeting you here."

"You guys really do have a death wish, huh," Ryan frowned. "I can't find any other explanation as to why people that are so bad at stealth would decide to come this far."

"I don't think you are right. We managed to avoid all fights, until now, after all," Haruna said.

"Incredible if I didn't know any better, I would be surprised if I hadn't killed all the bosses that left this area," Ryan said. "Anyway, enough talking about that. If you guys want to do something useful, I will let you do it. Just don't get in my way."

"Of course" Haruna nodded nervously while looking at Ryan's ballista and also seeing some of the bosses' corpses in the distance.

"I need to find the location of all dungeons in the area that spawn big and organic monsters," Ryan said. "I want to cut the food supply of those freaks and make them expose themselves to my attacks even more."

"We have that intel," Haruna said. "But only about from the Northern side of our country, we didn't dare pass nearby Tokyo when those monsters were in that region."

"That will be enough," Ryan said. "By the way, where are your other soldiers?"

"They are not my soldiers. They are my companions," Haruna shook her head. "We used this chance to split and keep the dungeons around under vigilance. However, we didn't have any plan of recovering them since the number of survivors on the other side is higher."

"I guess we will have to get rid of them," Ryan said with a serious look on his face.

While Haruna felt that Ryan seemed pretty bloodthirsty by saying that so easily, Ryan still felt troubled by the fact that he had to keep killing humans. That was annoying, but at the very least, as long as he doesn't think that such a thing is normal, everything will be relatively fine.

Ryan considered his options. Cutting the food supply of the monsters will help him divide and conquer, but leaving his current position might also cause problems later since he will leave the monsters unchecked. He will also lose sight of them for a while.

"Time is of the essence," Ryan said. "Guide me toward those dungeons."

In the end, the only thing Ryan could do was to hurry. While his plan might fail, there are various things he could do to decrease those chances. Without wasting any more time, Haruna guided Ryan to the nearest dungeon that spawned earthworms. While Ryan found some survivors and silver tigers guarding the place, the monsters' level reached level 220, which made Ryan feel like resisting the dungeon invasion seemed like a waste of time.

In any case, Ryan summoned his ballista from his spatial storage, and just like before, he blinded the bosses with it. After that, he killed the survivors without hesitating. Upon noticing that an unknown force that could kill them was too far away from them, but still could massacre them, the monsters tried to escape. However, Ryan pierced their legs with the massive steel needles. While seeing Ryan being so bloody without even blinking, Haruna couldn't help but sweat cold while gulping.

Haruna thought that despite his cold faade, Ryan was a pretty warm guy. He got angry when a kid lost his arm, after all, and didn't even hesitate in fighting against so many dangerous beasts. Still, it looked like those assumptions were way off the mark.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1