Chapter 408: Ice Wyrm

Chapter 408: Ice Wyrm

After exactly a full day, Ryan was starting to get impatient. He had already armed Haruna and the others with decent crossbows, but there was no sign of the monsters despite the wait. Not even mosses or the ordinary mobs. While Ryan could occasionally see the black tortoises coming and going, they weren't his targets for the time being.

"I guess ambushing them won't be easy," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, at least that confirmed that whoever used Clairvoyance, isn't on the monsters' side."

If that weren't the case, the peak of the mountain where Ryan and the others were in would have been attacked a long time ago. Ryan didn't have enough proofs to concluded that, but he assumed that the person who used Clairvoyance was also the same who erected the magical barrier around Tokyo. They were the single party that was participating in that game in which Ryan no information, after all.

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan said and then sighed.

The bosses guarding the perimeter were a bit far away, but Ryan decided to harass them from a distance in hopes of inciting them to move. Ryan couldn't use Deadly Aim or Perfect Aim on creatures he couldn't see, so he made sure to charge a lot more mana on the steel needle by using Mana Reinforcement before firing it.

By using Force, Ryan managed to see and control the projectile, and he confirmed that the bosses had retreated quite a lot, and now they formed a perfect encirclement around their base. Before Ryan made the needle pierce the head of a Byakko, he saw some bosses carrying the corpses of some black tortoises.

You obtained 70.000 coins.

"They are fighting and hunting the monsters somewhere else they know that someone is hunting them here in the North and they don't intend to let their numbers increase any further," Ryan said.

"How did you learn that?" Haruna asked.

"It is hard to explain," Ryan said and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "We will have to approach their base a little more."

Haruna passed the messages to the others, and just like her, they didn't like the idea very much. Getting closer to that camp means that the chances of them being attacked by dozens of those bosses would increase. While they were ready to fight to recover their country, they didn't want to fight in such dire situations. However, in the end, they didn't complain.

"I am ready," Femradiel suddenly said. "By the way, why can't you attack from your current position?"

"Because I need to use more mana to use Force and to boost the projectile," Ryan replied.

"Anyway, do I need to do anything?"

"No, I am going to offer you another pact," Femradiel replied. "This is like a second existence for me and since I divided my power, my name will be a bit different."

The ice Wyrm, Fem, wishes to become your familiar. Do you want to make a pact with her? Y/N.

Before Ryan could ask anything, that notification appeared before him while he knew that Wyrm was like shorter versions of dragons, he still was surprised that Femradiel managed to create a body of a different species of a dragon. Ryan chose yes, and then suddenly, a small dragon that had half of the length of an adult human appeared before him. Compared to her previous figure that looked far more fearsome, the new appearance disappointed Ryan. Femradiel's new body was light blue and had some ice scales here and there, but overall. She didn't look much powerful or dangerous. In a sense, she looked cute for a monster. Her eyes and wings looked like crystals, so Ryan felt a presence that kind seemed transcendental.

Fem (Ice Wyrm)  Lv 50

Health: 25.000

Mana: 40.000

Stamina: 20.000

Strength: 2000

Dexterity: 2000

Speed: 1000

Intelligence: 3000

Endurance: 1000

Control: 1500

Mentality: 1500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 5000

Willpower: 1000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Freezing Touch Lv 70

Passive Physical Skills: Mind Enhancement Lv 50, Frost Armor Lv 80

Spells: Niffelheim Lv 90, Absolute Zero Lv 60, Ice Spear Lv 70

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 200, Wind Resistance Lv 80, Electric Resistance Lv 50

"Phew, now I am feeling much better," Femradiel said. "Who could have thought that having a body could give me such a feeling of freedom?"

Haruna and the others jumped backward and equipped their weapons, but Ryan stopped them before they could attack. Ryan should have warned them while seeing that scene, Femradiel smirked.

"Bahahaha, you fell for my trap, humans!" Femradiel laughed and then said. "Now you will become my food and a new source of strength."

Femradiel waited for Ryan's reactions, but he didn't do anything. His poker face was that hard to break in the end. She just sighed in disappointment.

"You are no fun," Femradiel said. "By the way, don't take this seriously, ever."

"Any time you want to regain your freedom, you are free to attack me," Ryan said. "No hard feelings, you already know that I won't go down that easily, after all."

"I would like to avoid that," Femradiel said. "While I gain in terms of raw power, your ingenuity and nastiness make you a fearsome enemy. I wouldn't dare try to cross your path."

Ryan checked his status and confirmed that everything was normal, he even still could hear Femradiel's voice in his head, so it looked like nothing really changed. She explained that her spirit will always stay inside him. While that was a bit weird, she divided her power to create that body, and while she could exist outside Ryan's body, she ultimately was like a drone.

"Dragons sure have some useful skills, even though you lost your memories" Ryan frowned. "I can't imagine how you can retain the knowledge to create a body like that."

"Dragons can reproduce by themselves and by interacting with other dragons," Femradiel said. "You can think that this new my body is my offspring."

Dragons really were weird

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1