Chapter 401: A Terrible Idea

Chapter 401: A terrible idea

While Ryan didn't feel the presence of any survivors hidden that hadn't joined the monsters' side, nor did Femradiel warn Ryan of that, he found several groups of bosses and survivors heading North. Their goal was obvious they were going there to look for that group that Ryan destroyed.

"Now what?" Ryan scratched the back of his head. "If I keep ignoring those guys, eventually they will return to Tokyo, and I don't want to leave my back exposed to them."

There was also the question that they would hunt the survivors that Ryan helped. While Ryan didn't feel any need to help Haruna and the others again, they decided not to join the monsters' side, so at the very least, they weren't his enemies.

"If that is going to bother you all that much, you can kill the monsters, and I kill the humans," Femradiel said.

" It isn't that simple," Ryan sighed. "In one way or another, I will be responsible for their deaths. Hah I am sick and tired of this."

Ryan didn't want to help the monsters on their task of exterminating humans. Still, he could only do so much to evade certain situations. Leaving those people alone was also counterproductive since they will eventually make the dungeons break much sooner. To increase humans' chances, survive that war, it looked like Ryan will be forced to dirty his hands with human blood again.

After taking a deep breath, Ryan put his ballista out of the storage dimension and then pulled the lever while he also activated Perfect Aim. Like a machine gun, he blinded seven silver tigers. After that, he equipped his pestilence crossbow and attacked the survivors. When they finally found Ryan, he had already killed half of their forces. They tried to hide behind the monsters, but they failed miserably, and Ryan pierced their backs.

"I was wondering what will happen if you use the soul of a human to make a magic weapon?" Femradiel said. "You didn't do that yet, right?"

"What an excellent time to propose such an idea" Ryan sighed. "Just focus on using potions."

Ryan equipped his Thunder Lord Crossbow and also created another one with Magic Crossbow. Even though he tried to prevent the monsters from attacks, he couldn't do that against seven monsters. While the creatures lost their eyes, they still could sense Ryan and tried to fry him with lightning bolts. They failed miserably, and while that took a while, Ryan fished them off, not before he tried to tame one of them, but he failed miserably as well, after dozens of times.

"I guess they can't be tamed since they are copies from the original beasts," Ryan shrugged. "Well, let's clean up this mess."

Hiding the corpses of the monsters was impossible, but burying the humans was easy. So, Ryan did that while Furball was eating. Now that he decided to get rid of that problem, Ryan had to worry about another. It was only a matter of time before the real boss and the dungeon master noticed that someone was killing those giant beasts. Ryan had to prepare for that. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't imagine many ways to win an all-out war against thousands of those bosses. Not even his new weapons would help him with that.

"As long as I fly and keep my distance from the monsters, I think I can win against Genbu and Byakko's army," Ryan concluded. "However, if the flying monsters decide to join the fight to finish them off or to hunt me things will get really messy."

It would be really great if Ryan could find a way to make the monsters fight against each other. He slowly and stealthily decreases their numbers, but hoping for that was a bit too much.

"I sense a weird concentration of mana a few kilometers ahead," Femradiel said. "The number of humans and those silver tigers are pretty high."

Ryan began to fly and then looked in that direction, but he didn't see anything aside from overgrown grass, trees, and some mountains. Moreover, he was pretty sure that Tokyo wasn't that close.

"Let's proceed from here onward with a little more caution," Ryan said.

He didn't even have to see the place that Femradiel mentioned to understand what was ahead. Ryan found several silver tigers walking around in circles as if they were searching or guarding something. Without a doubt, that their base outside the dungeon was the first thing Ryan was going to find before he reached Tokyo.

Ryan decided to confirm that by flying even more, higher than before, and then he saw a small city that had been rebuilt in the last few months. Strangely enough, the place seemed kind of odd. The houses were made of wood and made Ryan recall some movies he saw in the past where the stars were some samurais.

"I guess those houses are easier to build, but they are also equally easy to destroy," Ryan frowned. "They must have a lot of confidence in those monsters for them to build a city like that."

In any case, Ryan just confirmed that trying to make the monsters go at each other would be much more difficult. Even if they hurry, the survivors and bosses will have to run for a couple of hours to find the other factions' bases Assuming that the others had built some camps as well.

"No if I decrease the number of monsters on one side and then make the other parties realize that one group has been weakened, they certainly will attack the weakened party," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "The long-ranged attacks of the silver tigers are quite troublesome, so maybe I should start with them."

It was a risky plan. Moreover, Ryan will doom many survivors with that strategy. He was fully aware that most of those that joined the monsters' side did so to be able to protect their family and friends so, Ryan will doom many people that never pointed their weapons at him.

Class: Hunter Lv 80 (+ 04 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 109th

Health: 1715/1715 (5,10/s)

Mana: 2612/2612 (5,10/s)

Stamina: 2650/2650 (5,10/s)

Strength: 31 (+166) (+130)

Dexterity: 2550 (+2175) (+220)

Speed: 140 (+975) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+674) (+33)

Endurance: 28 (+141) (+160)

Control: 06 (+1055) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+56) (+70)

Luck: 100 (+20)

Recovery: 1100 (+1600) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+56) (+40)

Coins: 4.055.441

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 96 (+ 03 UP),

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 78 (+ 03 UP), Concentration Lv 78 (+ 03 UP), Archery Lv 78 (+ 03 UP), Accuracy Lv 78 (+ 03 UP), Passive Recovery Lv Max (+ 30 UP), Skill Camouflage Lv 01,

Spells: Magic Bow Lv 21 (+ 10 UP), Spatial Manipulation Lv 06 (+ 05 UP), Status Copy Lv 01, Skills Copy Lv 01, Temporary Transformation Lv 01, Mana-Eater Lv 05 (+ 04 UP),

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 45 (+ 04 UP), Archer Lv 72 (+ 04 UP), Combat Archer Lv 67 (+ 04 UP), Sniper Lv 52 (+ 06 UP), Weapons Master Lv 35 (+ 07 UP), Sentinel Lv 25 (+ 05 UP), Demon Hunter Lv 21 (+ 03 UP), Ranger Lv 25 (+ 07 UP), Silent Killer Lv 08 (+ 04 UP), Mimic Lv 01

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1