Chapter 413: New Class

Chapter 413: New Class

Ryan headed toward the treasure chest in a hurry, but he was stopped because some zombies began to spawn near the purple crystal. He killed them quickly, but that only confirmed his theory that the boss he just killed was just an ordinary monster being controlled by the dungeon master.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Crusader, Shinobi, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Shinobi!

You obtained the following skills: Waterwalking, Dual Wield, and Substitution.

Your intelligence and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, stamina, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Waterwalking.

Effect: It grants you the power to walk and run-on surface of the water

Cost: 05 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Dual Wield

Effect: It increases the power of your attacks by one percent per level when using a weapon in each hand.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Substitution.

Effect: It grants you the power to trade places with a selected object. You need to touch the predetermined object before using the skill. The range in which the skill can work equals the level of the skill multiplied by fifty meters.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan didn't have time to waste thinking about what he should do, so he quickly selected his new class. However, before he could leave the dungeon, he got another surprise.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 100 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 95th

You obtained a Domain Stone.

Ryan had forgotten that reaching the top 100 of the strongest on Earth had been one of his goals as well. In any case, he thought that it would take a while longer for that to happen while that was useful, Ryan didn't have time to use the domain stoner or learn about its quirks and perks.

After a few minutes of flying, Ryan finally left the dungeon and noticed that it was already dark. However, he couldn't sense or see any signs of the battlefield. It looked like he had been teleported to a pretty far away dungeon.

"WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?" Femradiel asked via telepathy.

" I didn't think I could almost go deaf by hearing a scream inside my head," Ryan frowned. "As you can see, I was teleported by a boss to their dungeon. Anyway, tell me which direction I should go, I have no idea where I am."

"Head north, you are near one of the four dungeons that is around the capital of this country," Femradiel replied. "But you need to be careful since some of the azure dragons are alive and they are on your path."

Ryan immediately began to fly toward that direction while he analyzed what happened. Most likely, specific skills couldn't work while he was inside a dungeon. That was why despite the pact, he still lost the connection temporarily with Femradiel. That wasn't very important. What was important was that somehow Yomotsu Shikome was controlling the silver tigers and their dungeon was actually her dungeon.

"I guess she defeated that species and took over their world," Ryan nodded to himself. "Since she is a necromancer, she can easily replicate the bosses and the mobs. As for why the Japanese were fooled by her so easily, it was probably because she masqueraded the corpses with her illusion magic if they had seen their true form, they would have known that they were making pacts with an undead monster and not with one of the four creatures. Not that I can see any real difference between them"

Regardless, Ryan got in her way, and that was why she tried to kill Ryan before her minions could be wiped out. Now Ryan just had to confirm if the other three species of monsters were being controlled by other dungeon masters as well, and why they would go that far to fool humans. There was also the question of why the dungeon masters made their dungeons appear so close to Tokyo.

After a while, Ryan managed to see some signs of battle and some creatures flying in the Northern sky. Without wasting time, Ryan summoned his magic bows and began to charge several Power Shots. He had to kill all of them at the same time because flying enemies were annoying by themselves. Still, in a group, they were much more dangerous.

When the flying dragons finally noticed Ryan's approach, he said hi to them by firing his magic bows at their faces. His first wave of attacks caused massive damage to the point where the azure dragons began to lose altitude. Femradiel noticed that was Ryan's doing, and she also bombarded the beasts with Ice Spears. Thanks to their combined attacks, Ryan and Femradiel knocked down the dragons on the silver tigers camp, and Rya was close enough to see that they were really zombies.

The silver tiger's camp was completely destroyed, and the parts that haven't been knocked down were burning. Ryan and Femradiel managed to defeat the few azure dragons that had decided to join the fight, and the silver tigers had been decimated. However, the black tortoises were still coming alongside the humans who joined them.

"What the hell" Ryan frowned when he saw Haruna and her friends forming a circle around some prisoners.

By the look of things, Haruna wanted to save those guys now that she had more or less a good idea and explanation to make them understand that they had been fooled, but there was a problem: the prisoners didn't look like they wanted to be saved.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1