Chapter 412: Undead Magic Staff

Chapter 412: Undead Magic Staff

Before the monster could escape from the range of Ice Breath and could get rid of the layer of ice, Ryan summoned his Frozen Crossbow and then fired at the creature. The monster fired its Bone Spears to block the projectiles, but Ryan summoned another behind the beast and hit the creature's head. The beast finally appeared but then turned around and smashed the magic bow with those Bone Spears.

"Don't try to hide your ugly face," Ryan said. "Come and face me, if you don't want to kill me in a one-on-one fight, why did you teleport me to this hellhole?"

Yomotsu Shikome ignored Ryan's taunts again and then tried to disappear. However, the creature couldn't just disappear in the blink of an eye. Before the thing could succeed, Ryan fired an electric bolt and hit the monster's head, causing critical damage and snapping its neck. The beast looked at Ryan with its eyes full of hatred, but that only made him feel refreshed.

The monster tried to summon several Bone Spears, but Ryan stopped the beast with another electric bolt. In terms of attacking speed, Ryan was better, but he couldn't lose his focus. In the end, the monster decided to move away from Ryan slowly. He clicked his tongue when he noticed a purple mist slowly rising from the ground. The creature also could use poison without even moving its hands

Ryan's health wasn't decreasing that fast, so that wasn't Yomotsu Shikome's specialty. He activated Regeneration and managed to counter the damage. Still, Ryan knew that he couldn't let the fight last for too long. That was too dangerous.

"I didn't want to go all out without knowing fully what that thing can do, but I don't have any other choice" Ryan muttered.

Using all his potions was risky since the fight outside the dungeon was still happening, but Ryan wouldn't be able to help in any way if he dies. In the blink of an eye, Ryan summoned five magic bows and attacked all the zombies around. Yomotsu Shikome tried to make them explode and cause some damage, but the creature failed.

Ryan stored away his magic weapons and then began to fire his electric bolts like there was no tomorrow. The beast tried to repel the attack with its own projectiles, but Ryan was much faster. His bolts destroyed the Bone Spears and eventually began to wound the boss.

"HHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH"

Yomotsu Shikome screamed in agony, and somehow while ignoring Ryan's attacks, it managed to decrease the illumination inside the dungeon. Ryan activated Perfect Aim before the creature could disappear from his sight, but much to his surprise, the skill stopped working after a while

Ryan equipped his shield above himself and used Arrow Shower around himself as well. While it wouldn't cause much damage, at least it would let you notice when the monster tries to approach. Suddenly, Ryan felt a shiver and then jumped to the side, and then he heard the sound of Bone Spears hitting the ground. Ryan's annoyance was reaching a whole new level, but then it completely disappeared, and a smirk appeared on his face Ryan used Skills Copy, and in the next moment, he saw the monster slowly approaching him.

Ryan quickly made his smile disappear and then faked his annoyance. When Yomotsu Shikome was close enough and tried to grab Ryan's neck, he filled the monster's face with his electric bolts.

"Let's fix your damn ugly face a little bit," Ryan said.

While Ryan's attack surprised the monster, it also surprised Ryan as well since he wasn't causing as much damage as he had expected. It was because he had temporarily lost all the passive skills that increased the power of his attacks. It was annoying, but there was nothing Ryan could do. Without the monster's skills, he couldn't see properly in that darkness.

Ryan tried to cause as much critical damage as possible, but even in that situation, the monster somehow managed to react and protect its face with both arms. While the bolts caused some damage, they didn't cause that much since the bolts turned into ashes after a few seconds.

While furrowing his eyebrows at that sight, he took out his Paralyzing Spear from his spatial storage and then made the weapon spin. He also used Mana Reinforcement and Holy Enchantment to make his weapon more durable and sharper and then fired at the monster. The beast tried to grab the weapon, but in the end, a necromancer-type monster would never have the physical capabilities to stop Ryan's attacks with their bare hands.

The spear pierced the monster, and its wounds began to burn thanks to Holy Enchantment. Yomotsu Shikome screamed in agony again while her face was distorted by anger and pain. In the end, even Ryan's Paralyzing Spear became ashes, but not before Ryan filled the monster with electric bolts.

"You are going to pay for this," Yomotsu Shikome said.

"You already said that," Ryan said and then put some bolts on the monster's eye sockets. "In the end, you are just a fake as well, huh. I will wait for you expectantly once your dungeon reaches the appropriate level."

After saying that, Yomotsu Shikome's health dropped to zero, and the monster fell dead on the ground. Its body began to disintegrate with an astonishing speed, but not even that made Ryan's mood improve. While he won, the dungeon master was still alive somewhere, and it was probably a much stronger version of that monster just thinking about that was really annoying.

You obtained 200.000 coins.

Undead Magic Staff (Unholy)

Effect: It grants you the chance to use the skill Cursed Ray Lv 100. The spell consumes fifty points of mana per second but can decrease all of the target's attributes by a certain percentage over time.

Durability: 100/100

It was a coincidence that the monster dropped such an item, but Ryan still felt satisfied by that convenient coincidence. Hopefully, a weapon like that will be useful against undead creatures as well because the first one that Ryan faced caused too many problems

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1