Chapter 418: Titania

Chapter 418: Titania

Ryan couldn't use Mana Reinforcement to increase the intensity of Sleep Resistance, but he could use it to increase the power of Wind Armor and thus make it level up faster. After a few hours, the skill reached level ten, and now Ryan could stand without relying on Telekinesis.

"I can't underestimate this foe just because it is a creature that would rather kill me in my sleep than in an actual fight," Ryan muttered. "To be able to use such a spell in such a vast area and for so long this isn't an enemy that I can face while getting ahead of myself."

While Sleep Song was troublesome, it couldn't actually damage Ryan. So, after a while, he felt confident that he could enter the dungeon. For some reason, the interior of the place was completely dark, and when Ryan used fire to illuminate the place, he understood why. The walls and the ground were completely covered in vegetation and vines. Ryan tried to analyze if that belongs to a monster or something, but he didn't get any response. Those didn't belong to a beast. The vegetation belonged to the biome of another world

"Wait a minute Why didn't I find any monster until now?" Ryan suddenly stopped and questioned himself. "The boss should know that I am approaching. So why?"

Ryan's Radar and Awareness were already working since he was inside the dungeon, but he couldn't feel the presence of a single monster. The place was huge, just like Yomotsu Shikome's dungeon, but that doesn't mean the place was free of monsters. The more he fought them. The less Ryan could understand the dungeon masters.

Eventually, the Sleep Song ended, and that confirmed Ryan's previous thought. The boss understood that such tactics wouldn't work on Ryan any longer, but despite that, Ryan didn't deactivate Wind Armor since he could fall for a trap at any minute.

After a while, Ryan eventually reached the last part of the dungeon, and he saw a massive underground forest. Although he was hoping to find another undead creature's lair, everything he saw was just a full of life forest. Ryan even found some springs and birds flying around while chirping.

"Another illusion" Ryan said.

"Not quite, this is just a small part of our paradise here on your planet."

Ryan heard a feminine voice and then saw a figure sitting on a throne made of flowers. Weirdly enough, he saw two thrones, but only one of them was being used. Much to Ryan's surprise, Ryan found a blonde, green-eyed beauty sitting in that place. She had a great figure and was also wearing a dress that seemed to be made of flowers. For an instant, Ryan thought the boss was a human, but he shook his head when he saw the pointy ears of the creature.

Titania  Lv 420

Health: 50.000/50.000

Mana: 180.000/180.000

Stamina: 90.000/90.000

Strength: 100

Dexterity: 2500 (+ 300)

Speed: 2000 (+ 200)

Intelligence: 8000 (+ 1500)

Endurance: 2500 (+ 200)

Control: 4000 (+ 500)

Mentality: 5000 (+ 1000)

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 60.000

Willpower: 5000 (+ 1000)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sleepy Touch Lv 400

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 350, Mind Enhancement Lv 350, Blessing of the Fairies Lv 350

Spells: Sleep Song Lv 300, Fly Lv 350, Wind Manipulation Lv 250, Wind Transformation Lv 250, Wind Creation Lv 250

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 350, Fire Resistance Lv 350, Shock Resistance Lv 350,

"Hello, Ryan," Titania said. "It is nice to meet you, I am Titania, the queen of fairies."

Ryan didn't say anything. He just pointed his charged crossbow at her and then fired. However, with a powerful gust of wind, Titania made the projectile change its direction and hit the dungeon's ceiling. Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in annoyance, which had been five minutes charged Power Shot, after all. As expected, that would be another tough fight.

"There is no need to be uncivilized here," Titania said. "Let's talk for a while, I am sure we can reach an agreement. Fairies love peace and I don't want to dirty this place with blood."

"Should I sleep while we talk?" Ryan asked. "It looks like you really want to put me to sleep, after all. I am sure that negotiating when the other side can't do anything is very advantageous."

"Well, you can't blame me for being cautious," Titania shrugged. "You killed Yomotsu Shikome, and while she is my enemy, I still don't know what your goal is."

"Absolute monster extermination," Ryan replied while charging another bolt with Power Shot and Mana Reinforcement.

"Don't be unreasonable, you know that is impossible," Titania smiled as if she had heard a very amusing thing. "It doesn't matter what you or anyone else do, Earth is changing and returning back to its perfect era. Humans can only strive to survive, there is nothing else to

be done."

"Perfect era?" Ryan frowned. "What are you talking about?"

"I guess it is only natural that the humans forgot about this," Titania said. "It has been quite a while, after all. What would you think if I told you that a long time ago creatures like around walked on Earth alongside mortals like you?"

"I would say that is bullshit," Ryan replied.

"You are truly amusing, Ryan," Titania smiled again. "But that is the undeniable truth. You should have already noticed by this point that the myths and legends of old, aren't actually just fairy tales and stories made up by your elders to make children behave. We existed a long time ago with humans, no we coexisted with them. We gave them knowledge and to some extent power, some of us even married humans and gave birth to special mortals that happened a long time ago, in a period of human story called: the age of gods."

Ryan couldn't help smiling scenically while hearing all that, but despite that, something inside him was telling Ryan that Titania wasn't making some crazy lies

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1