Chapter 411: Decaying

Chapter 411: Decaying

Ryan knew that the thing in front of him was an illusion. However, he couldn't locate the monster's body with Radar or Awareness. It was probably because the difference in skill was too high despite that, the monster wasn't attacking blindly. Something was off

"Can you hear me, Femradiel?" Ryan thought.

While Ryan's status didn't change, he couldn't talk with Femradiel. In any case, the situation was bad The monster was trying to understand why the Bone Spears didn't damage Ryan, but it was only a matter of time before the creature realized that it had been a fluke thanks to his cape.

"You must be the one controlling the silver tigers," Ryan said, trying to buy some time while he thinks of a proper plan. "You used Summon Zombie to obtain control over them, didn't you?"

"You can try to stall for time as much as you want, nothing will change your fate," Yomotsu Shikome said.

"Well, if that is the case, why don't we take some time to talk, or are you afraid of something?" Ryan asked.

"You will pay for your insolence dearly, puny mortal," Yomotsu Shikome said.

"For a hag, you are quite impatient" Ryan shrugged.

"DON'T CALL ME THAT!" Yomotsu Shikome shouted.

The monster fired much more Bone Spears. This time, dodging the attack wasn't an option just by flying. So, Ryan used Flash and appeared behind the illusion. He quickly turned around in order to have a good view of his surroundings, but he didn't find anything that might give him the location of the monster.

"That is what I call an overreaction," Ryan said while looking around. "You don't like being called hag?"

Yomotsu Shikome made several of those zombies fly toward Ryan, and when Ryan was about to use Flash again, the monsters exploded, and their bones flew toward all directions in the shape of some tiny bone needles. Ryan blocked the attack with his shield, but even so, he felt a powerful impact. He also heard a grunt coming from the monster, but he failed to pinpoint its location.

"I guess for the time being, this is the only way for me to cause damage," Ryan muttered.

Suddenly, Ryan felt a shiver and something touching his right shoulder. When he turned around, he didn't find anything, but then he felt pain passing through his right shoulder as if acid was burning everything when Ryan looked at it. He saw his shoulder rooting.

"Shit! Shit!" Ryan muttered in shock while sweating cold.

Ryan used Purification, but the rooting parts were increasing faster than he could delay them the difference in level was that high. While biting his lips, Ryan made his decision he pointed Thunder Lord Crossbow at his rooting shoulder and pulled the trigger. A big chunk of Ryan's flesh flew in the distance and the pain crossing his body froze his nerves. Ryan barely could keep his eyes open, and his arm was only hanging in the right place due to a small amount of flesh. He immediately used Full-Heal Ryan recovered near-instantly, and the physical pain disappeared, but the mental pain didn't.

"You are going to pay for this" Ryan muttered. "Do that again, hag. Show me what a piece of shit like you can do."

Instead of falling for Ryan's taunts, the monster made several other zombies explode near him. Ryan blocked the attack with his shield again and this time focused his senses on hearing the sound coming from behind him, but once again, he failed to pinpoint the origin of the grunt. The fucking monster was so good at illusion magic that it could even hide the noises caused by itself.

When Ryan felt a shiver again, he made six magic crossbows that were the exact copy of his Thunder Lord Crossbow appear around him, and each one pointing in a different direction. He fired them at the same time, and then the shiver stopped.

" Fucking monsters," Ryan said after clicking his tongue.

Ryan prevented the attack, but the monster reacted on time to dodge his attacks. While that was annoying, at least he confirmed one of the few things that he knew about necromancers. They were weak physically speaking. While the monster had several tricks and much more health than Ryan, it still couldn't let itself get caught in his attacks. Maybe it was due to the fact that it recognized Ryan's strength, or it was because the monster didn't know anything about him

Counterattacking will be difficult, but Ryan could do a few things to increase his chances, one of them was to fight near the ground. After destroying some zombies, he stopped levitating and then landed. At the same time, Ryan made his flame swords spin around him.

"Now she can only attack from the above" Ryan thought. "At least if she plans to use her Decaying Touch."

Ryan just needed a single chance to obtain the opening that he wanted. However, the plan seemed too obvious, even from his perspective. Yomotsu Shikome tried to make other zombies explode near Ryan from all directions and try to disrupt his focus, but the monster failed.

Suddenly, a Bone Spear raising from the ground pierced Ryan's right foot. In an instant, Ryan lost almost half of his leg. He thought that he could prevent attacks from below by staying on ground level, but it looked that he was wrong.

Ryan closed the wound by using Heal, but he didn't do any more than that. He wasn't focused enough and decided to use his pain to help with that. That apparently worked since the spinning speed of his sword increased. In an instant, he made his weapons hit the zombies that were approaching him and then recovered some mana. Thanks to that, Ryan had a certain idea after opening his mouth, Ryan used Ice Breath and spun around itself. It almost escaped from his sight but he did notice a thin layer of ice forming around something invisible floating in the air.

Class: Hunter Lv 82 (+ 02 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 101th

Health: 1822/1822 (5,26/s)

Mana: 2800/2800 (5,26/s)

Stamina: 2810/2810 (5,26/s)

Strength: 31 (+170) (+130)

Dexterity: 2750 (+2299) (+220)

Speed: 140 (+1033) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+689) (+33)

Endurance: 28 (+143) (+160)

Control: 06 (+1115) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+68) (+70)

Luck: 140 (+20)

Recovery: 1200 (+1600) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+66) (+40)

Coins: 8.233.712

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 99 (+ 03 UP),

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 81 (+ 03 UP), Concentration Lv 81 (+ 03 UP), Archery Lv 81 (+ 03 UP), Accuracy Lv 81 (+ 03 UP), Stealth Lv 68 (+ 03 UP), Rationality Lv 01,

Spells: Spatial Manipulation Lv 11 (+ 05 UP), Mana-Eater Lv 05 (+ 04 UP), Mana Reinforcement Lv 10, Fire Armor Lv 01, Protection Lv 01, Holy Enchantment Lv 01

Support Skills: Poison Resistance Lv 23 (+ 06 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 49 (+ 04 UP), Archer Lv 75 (+ 03 UP), Combat Archer Lv 70 (+ 03 UP), Weapons Master Lv 40 (+ 05 UP), Sentinel Lv 30 (+ 05 UP), Pyro Trickster Lv 01, Templar Lv 01,

Non-Combatant: Blacksmith Lv 37 (+ 03 UP), Merchant Lv 25 (+ 05 UP), Whitesmith Lv 19 (+ 03 UP),

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1