Chapter 410: Yomotsu Shikome

Chapter 410: Yomotsu Shikome

In just a few minutes, Ryan, Femradiel, and the others managed to slay thirty or so bosses. However, since Femradiel didn't have much time to lay traps, the monsters were getting even closer than before. It was time for Ryan to do more than just blind the enemies.

"Wait for a while longer," Femradiel said. "I will slow them down a little bit more."

After saying that, Femradiel flew skyward only to return after a few seconds while flying toward the monsters at supersonic speeds. Since they were too focused on Ryan and the survivors, they never noticed her approach. A few moments before she could hit the ground, Femradiel used Absolute Zero and froze everything in a two-kilometer radius. While the bosses were too tough for them to become ice statues, at least their legs froze, and they were having a hard time freeing themselves. Ryan used that chance to blind and cause even more critical damage.

"Hey, you," Femradiel said to the boy Ryan had healed a few days ago. "Throw as many mana potions as you can at me. Be quick."

The boy nodded and obeyed Femradiel. While she was using Telekinesis to use the potions that Ryan bought, it wasn't nearly enough to recover her mana at a decent speed.

"I thought you still had some reserves of mana," Ryan said.

"I have, but this body is familiar, so I don't have access to that mana pool, I am outside your body, after all," Femradiel explained.

Ryan didn't have time to think if that made any sense or not. The monsters that were guarding the other sides of the camp finally appeared, and their numbers were insane Ryan immediately equipped the most powerful crossbows, but much to his surprise, the monster stopped their charge and then turned to face their Westside. Ryan did the same and saw a massive curtain of dust rising and approaching the silver tigers' camp. The black tortoises finally decided to join the fight.

"Femradiel don't you think this is a bit too soon?" Ryan asked. "How many bosses have we killed in the last few days?"

"A little less than one hundred," Femradiel replied. "I also agree with you either they are putting a lot of faith in us or they have another reason to attack the camp now."

Unfortunately, Ryan didn't have time to confirm anything. He just used that chance to slay as many Byakkos as possible while they were in shock. However, it didn't take long for them to understand what had happened. Ryan saw some flying monsters approaching from the Southern side of the camp. They were the Seiryu

"Those dragons seem kind of weird," Femradiel said.

"I bet they would say the same about you," Ryan said.

In any case, another force joining the fight wasn't something that Ryan had expected that complicated things quite a bit since his plan was to exterminate the white tigers and then decrease as much as possible the strength of the black tortoises. However, now that the azure dragons joined the fight, Ryan didn't know if things would go as he had planned in fact, it looked like the problems wouldn't stop from appearing anytime soon.

"Something is coming from the camp I can sense a lot of bloodlust being directed toward you," Femradiel said.

At the same time, Femradiel said that Ryan felt his body froze. He tried to muster all the strength in his body to resist the bloodlust, but in the end, before he could recover control of his body, suddenly, the scenario around him changed. Ryan noticed that the feeling of danger had disappeared when he appeared in what seemed to be a massive cave. Although there was no sunlight, Ryan could see his surroundings perfectly, but soon he wished that he couldn't. When Ryan looked around, he saw hundreds of decaying corpses moving toward him. Immediately, he began to fly to escape them, and then he noticed that he was alone in there. Femradiel, Furball, Haruna, and the others weren't nearby.

"A forced Teleportation?" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. "Where am I?"

"You are in my territory now, and you will pay for getting on my way."

Ryan suddenly heard a voice coming from above, and he frowned when he saw a weird creature slowly approaching toward him. It had the voice of a woman and also the body of one, but it was much taller than any ordinary human being. It was like three meters tall, and its body was also covered in hair. Only the face was free of the hair, but Ryan only found a distorted decaying face of what seemed to be a pretty ugly female version of Frankenstein.

Yomotsu Shikome  Lv 380

Health: 70.000/70.000

Mana: 140.000/140.000

Stamina: 50.000/50.000

Strength: 100

Dexterity: 2500

Speed: 1000

Intelligence: 7500

Endurance: 1500

Control: 3500

Mentality: 4000

Luck: 1700

Recovery: 40.000

Willpower: 4000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Decaying Touch Lv 330

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 350, Mind Enhancement Lv 250

Spells: Summon Zombie Lv 200, Bone Spear Lv 380, Illusionism Lv 250

Support Skills: Poison Resistance Lv 300, Curse Resistance Lv 300, Spiritual Resistance Lv 300,

"Disgusting" Ryan said.

"HOW DARE YOU!" The monster shouted in anger.

Several Bone Spears flew toward Ryan, but he moved to the side and dodged them all. However, he still felt an impact on his back, and he was sent flying while spinning toward the monster that didn't make any sense, but before the creature could do anything, Ryan opened his mouth and used Ice Breath. His attack passed by the monster as if the creature hadn't even been there, but weirdly enough, the beast didn't do anything while he was attacking and slowing down.

"An illusion" Ryan muttered.

Ryan didn't know what had happened, but if he had to guess, the boss of a dungeon teleported him toward their lair. He confirmed that after looking around for a single moment, and then he found a treasure box and the purple crystal Still, the last part of the dungeon was too big, and it was underground. That wasn't a good match-up since Ryan didn't know anything about the monster in front of him

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1