Chapter 424: Ghost

Chapter 424: Ghost

"It looks like you are finally here."

When Ryan landed and began to walk toward Tokyo, he suddenly heard that voice. While the voice seemed quite young and despite that calm and polite, Ryan couldn't help but raise his guard against someone that could directly talk to his mind.

"I apologize for last night, I was planning to offer you some support while you were clearing the dungeon, but since I noticed that another dungeon was changing in its behavior, I decided to keep it in check," The guardian of Tokyo said. "My name is Suzuki Yahiko, but you can call me by my first name."

"So, you are Suzuki" Ryan said.

"Actually, Suzuki is my surname," Yahiko said, and he seemed a bit amused by Ryan's words. "Regardless, I already formed the guards near you of your arrival, so you shouldn't find any trouble while entering Tokyo."

Just like Yahiko said, the guards that found Ryan didn't do anything. Only after he crossed the magic barrier, one of them approached him and said that he would guide Ryan toward the guardian's home.

"So, that is a barrier made by the domain stone" Femradiel said.

"Did you notice something in it?" Ryan asked.

"It is a spell-like no other that I have seen" Femradiel explained. "It looks like the magic barrier is directly connected to the dungeon master, and he can determine with a single thought those that can enter and those that should leave. Also, for some reason, I feel like we just entered his range of attack."

"Well, that isn't surprising since he can use Clairvoyance and is powerful enough to hold back four tier-three dungeons mostly by himself," Ryan said.

"It isn't because of that it is because of the barrier like he can move around this place almost without a single restriction," Femradiel said. "I am pretty sure he isn't a long-ranged fighter like you."

That picked Ryan's interest. While it seemed like he entered into a danger zone, he also had the power to erect a domain like that, and it would be pretty awesome if he could have a range as massive as that.

In any case, those who lived near the border of the barrier were mostly soldiers and guards, and those who lived in the center were civilians that had close to no powers. Ryan even saw some men and women rebuilding some buildings while kids were playing around with the skills they learned in the last six months.

All in all, it looked like nothing seriously have happened to those people in the last six months, and that was at the very least shocking from Ryan's perspective. He didn't think the domain stone could do that much.

Yahiko's home was located at the top of a special building in which only those that worked directly for him could live in. While the building itself wasn't something majestic or made to show how awesome they were, it still was pretty modern and kind of high-class. The elevator even still was working

"You can find him on the last floor. He should be able to receive you at this moment," The guard said.

Ryan sighed why couldn't they meet in a more appropriate place why does he have to enter the apartment of a guy he didn't know anything about? In any case, just to be sure, Ryan touched a certain vase on the first floor to activate Substitution. If something happens, he can instantly teleport to the first floor. However, when Ryan reached the floor where Yahiko's apartment was, he only found a single ordinary room. The place had some furniture, but overall, it was pretty empty.

Yahiko was sitting cross-legged on his balcony, it looked like he was meditating, but Ryan couldn't sense him gathering any mana. Yahiko was like the most Japanese man, dark-haired, tall, and his eyes were deep brown. Ryan couldn't see anything in his overall appearance that could make him stand out as a powerful warrior. However, Ryan could sense a powerful aura around him an aura different from those who had joined forces with a dragon.

"This guy is" Femradiel said, visibly surprised.

Yahiko (Ghost)

Class: Ancient Samurai/ -- / --

Race: --/ -- / --

Rank: 05th

Health: 25.000/25.000

Mana: 35.000/35.000

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 5000

Dexterity: 7000

Speed: 5000

Intelligence: 2500

Endurance: 3000

Control: 7500

Mentality: 4000

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 10.000

Willpower: 4000

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Sonic Slash Lv Max, Concentrated Strike Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Swordsmanship Lv Max, Strong Arms Lv Max, Improved Strength Lv Max

Spells: Quick Legs Lv Max, Ghostly Samurai Absorption Lv Max

Support Skills: Pain Resistance Lv Max, Fire Resistance Lv Max, Cold Resistance Lv Max

"It is an honor to meet you finally, Ryan," Yahiko opened his eyes and spoke. "If you don't mind, I would like to talk while I stay here. I need to keep my focus."

"You are not a monster, are you?" Ryan asked.

"In a sense, I guess I am," Yahiko smiled. "Shall I explain why you find my statuses weird?"

"Go on. I have a feeling that this will be a pretty entertaining story," Ryan replied.

"Well then everything started that day when the dragons started to destroy the world," Yahiko said. "I was in a graveyard visiting my parents that died five years ago, and before I could do anything, a fire dragon tried to destroy the place and burn me alive. Somehow, I survived purely by chance because, in that graveyard, the spirit of an ancient samurai was resting there and possessed my body."

"What?" Ryan asked with a frown on his face.

"I know how that sounds, but that is exactly what happened," Yahiko smiled again. "The samurai summoned a ghost sword and then used it to slay the dragon. At first, he tried to erase my existence for some reason, but once he realized that we had a connection, his spirit fused with mine."

"A ghost took over your body why would a ghost suddenly appear at such a convenient time?" Ryan asked.

"I think that is how the dragon slayers are born," Femradiel replied.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1