Chapter 422: New Class

Chapter 422: New Class

The fairies were starting to make the ice wall crack, but in the end, when they finally appeared, dozens of battle machines bombarded them alongside Ryan's magic bows. Ryan lost three useful magic weapons thanks to them, so he didn't hold back while massacring the little beasts. Fortunately, it looked like he was going to recover what he lost pretty soon, at least in a sense.

You obtained 180 coins.

You obtained 180 coins.

You obtained 180 coins.

Ryan also used the extra mana he was getting to freeze some of the fairies while keeping them still was kind of hard since their hands were like very sharp claws and their teeth were even more powerful than their claws, he still managed to turn them into some special arrows and a new weapon.

Confusion Crossbow (Mind) (+6)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that might confuse your foes based on their level of mentality and willpower for twenty seconds.

Dexterity + 119, Intelligence + 64

Durability: 80/80

"I was expecting a mind-controlling weapon, but I guess this isn't so bad," Ryan shrugged. "The monsters will probably harm each other when they enter the confusion status probably."

While Titania didn't drop anything, at least Ryan gained a new weapon and some intel. No, he actually confirmed his guess. Titania tried to stall for time while talking because she was hoping that something else aside from her fairies would come it wasn't the dungeon's bosses since not a single one of them appeared it was probably another dungeon boss.

"I thought it wasn't possible for monsters of other dungeons to enter the dungeons of other monsters" Ryan frowned. "Now that I think about it, this dungeon was supposed to spawn only fairies So why black tortoises come from here?"

There were too many questions that would keep bothering him for a while, but Ryan decided to put them aside for the time being. It was time to receive his true reward. Ryan approached the treasure box and touched it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Warmaster, Hexblade, and Puppet Master.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

It looked like Ryan got lucky again, two new classes he could choose, and one of them was in the place of his usual choice. That being said, he wasn't quite sure if that class would pay off given how much trouble Titania caused him.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Hexblade!

You obtained the following skills: Critical Focus, Crossbow Expert, and Sharpshooter.

Your stamina and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Critical Focus.

Effect: It grants you the chance to keep channeling spells and let skills stay active even when you receive damage that would likely make you lose focus. The amount of damage you can receive without losing the control of your abilities is twenty multiplied by the level of the skill

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Crossbow Expert

Effect: It increases the power of your attacks when using crossbows by two percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sharpshooter.

Effect: It increases the speed of your projectiles by ten percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

While the skills were a bit different than Ryan had expected, they weren't half bad. Passive skills were one of the few things in this new Earth that Ryan would never get tired of, even more so when they increase his attack power.

Ryan left the dungeon in a hurry to see how things were outside, and much to his surprise, he didn't notice any changes. Furball and the Steel Eagle still were sleeping in the same place he had left them. In the distance, Ryan couldn't see any changes in the black tortoises' camp either. Since that was the case, Ryan returned to the dungeon and grabbed the loot dropped by the fairies.

"It looks like I missed a few things" Femradiel suddenly said.

"You don't say" Ryan said.

"To think I would fall asleep this badly without even noticing the enemy's plot I am ashamed of myself," Femradiel said after a long sigh.

"Well, no harm done," Ryan shrugged. "I defeated the dungeon master, at least the version in which she had brought to this world and in a sense, you helped me. You can't feel relieved for that, though. Since it was by accident."

"Can you give me a brief summary of what happened while I was away?" Femradiel asked. "To prevent that from happening again, I level up my Sleep Resistance."

Ryan explained the few things that he was certain of, but in the end, more doubts entered his mind when he arrived at the black tortoises' camp, but he couldn't find a single one of them. There wasn't a single sign of fights either.

"Based on what you told me, I can only assume that the black tortoises were summoned monsters," Femradiel said. "The fairies summoned them and controlled them from the shadows to do their binding."

"I guess their summoning was a bit different from the convention if they needed to do that" Ryan said and then sighed. "It is a pity; I was hoping to gain a lot more coins by defeating them."

Now the real question was with who Titania was working with, but now that Ryan's head had cooled down, he quickly found a possible explanation. There were two thrones in Titania's garden, and that only means while she was a queen, she had a king on her side, and the king was in one of the two remaining dungeons.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1