Chapter 423: Lord Ryan

Chapter 423: Lord Ryan

Ryan wanted to rest a little since the fight against Titania had been tiresome, mentally speaking. As of late, Ryan was able to use less and less often Power Shot to finish off the bosses. While that was only natural given the creatures, he was trying to face. It didn't change the fact that it was annoying. However, his break was quickly interrupted when those three were teleported near him againthe soldiers of the man who was guarding Tokyo.

"What now?" Ryan asked without trying to hide his displeasure.

"We have come on behalf of our master to thank you for your actions," The man Ryan spoke earlier said, and despite Ryan's words, he didn't get angry. "Thanks to Lord Ryan, many of our citizens have been saved."

"Who is Lord Ryan?" Ryan frowned. "I didn't think I was teleported to the Middle Ages while my parents were quite awesome, they weren't nobles."

"As far as I know Japanese people are quite polite," Femradiel said. "So, I don't think they are treating you like a nobleman. Anyway, they must be thanking you because you defeated the fairies and those were controlling some survivors while giving them powers."

"I don't need any thanks since I did that by accident," Ryan said. "Still, if someone wants to thank me, they should come in person, not send some emissaries or something."

"Our master wants to do that, but he can't leave his domain and currently, you stand too far away from the limits of his Telepathy," The guard said. "Our master once again expresses a wish to welcome you to Tokyo, this time as an honorable guest."

"I will check my agenda and confirm if I have any free time in the next few weeks," Ryan said.

Despite his sarcasm, the guards only nodded after disappearing again. Once again, Ryan confirmed several interesting things it looked like the guardian of Tokyo really had a domain stone, and that was what granted him the power to erect a magic barrier on his camp. While that guy was quite troublesome, it was probably thanks to him that another dungeon master didn't try to kill Ryan while he was fighting Titania.

"What do you think, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"I think your predictions aren't that off the mark," Femradiel replied. "Still, I wouldn't just accept my words blindly, after this failure, I need sometime to reflect on my actions."

" I guess even dragons can get depressed," Ryan shrugged.

Several things were becoming evident as of late. One of them was the fact that the guardian of Tokyo couldn't leave his domain because he didn't have someone who he could trust with the authority and power granted by the domain stone. That was probably why he didn't try to save the people outside his domain. Another thing that Ryan knew was that he could learn several things from him about the domain stones. It was much better to learn all the ins and outs before using it in order to prevent some mistakes. Since Femradiel didn't warn him of any ill intentions coming from the guards, it was safe to assume that the invitation wasn't a trap Still, Ryan was reluctant in meeting that person for some reason.

"I guess it is probably because he is the most influential person of this country right now and because he is more powerful than me," Ryan said. "Therefore, I can't just ignore him and do what I want in his playground."

Since he wasn't a monster, the guardian wasn't Ryan's enemy. So, he couldn't act like usual That was something he never noticed before, but it looked like Ryan had a problem with figures of authority.

"Who could have thought that I could be such a loose cannon," Ryan laughed a little.

In any case, Ryan decided to relax a while longer since Furball and the Steel Eagle still was sleeping. As usual, he didn't relax at all and just created potions like a madman. Around noon the next day, Furball and the eagle woke up, and Ryan already knew where he should go: Tokyo.

"I didn't expect you would go there," Femradiel said.

"While it will be a bit annoying, I need more intel about certain things. Besides, I can't let my pride get on the way that often," Ryan explained. "Also, while I am not an emissary from my country, keep ignoring that man will probably cause problems for my homeland."

The number of survivors around the world was incredibly low, so all the human race had to work together to face their common enemy: all the monsters.

Ryan didn't know if that would be useful given that the leader on the other side could use things like Telepathy and Clairvoyance, but he still decided to check something from the sky before reaching Tokyo. He didn't find anything odd aside from the fact that most of the city had been destroyed, but the center was almost entirely intact or has been restored in the last few months. Since the camp was in the heart of the previous Tokyo, all the buildings were pretty tall and could house hundreds of people.

"I can sense a magic barrier a few meters ahead," Femradiel said.

Ryan made his Steel Eagle fly in circles while he was looking around and confirming that some soldiers were guarding the magic barrier's borders. However, weirdly enough, Ryan didn't find a single monster.

"Apparently, there is a fight happening in the South-East side of the barrier," Femradiel said.

" More and more I am finding it difficult to believe that you aren't reading my mind," Ryan frowned.

"I told you, your expressions are just that easy to read," Femradiel said.

Ryan sighed since he also was starting to think that was indeed the case. His grumpiness decreased quite a lot after he began to explore things outside his country. So, instead of an angry expression, most people could only see a slightly confusing one on Ryan's face.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1