Chapter 428: Suzaku

Chapter 428: Suzaku

When Ryan found the monsters, his frost crossbow was already in his hands. However, instead of using it, Ryan just stared in amazement at the number of vermillion birds, the bosses and the ordinary ones.

Suzaku  Lv 350

Health: 55.000/55.000

Mana: 75.000/75.000

Stamina: 65.000/65.000

Strength: 3000

Dexterity: 3500

Speed: 2500

Intelligence: 4000

Endurance: 1500

Control: 2000

Mentality: 3000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 25.000

Willpower: 3000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Explosive Touch Lv 320

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 300, Improved Strength Lv 320

Spells: Fire Tornado Lv 350, Fireball Lv 350, Explosive Resurrection Lv 300

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 500, Shock Resistance Lv 250, Wind Resistance Lv 200

"Together, they look like a massive warehouse of dynamite that is about to explode," Ryan said while facing the thousands of monsters around the dungeon that was in the center of a grove.

As expected, the fairies were also summoning the monsters. Ryan and the others could see that happening now and then. However, it also looked like they were focusing only on numbers since some of the monsters were just wandering around the dungeon with no apparent purpose. They weren't being controlled.

"What do you think, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"I would say that defeating this massive number of monsters is possible," Femradiel replied.

"The real question is: can we defeat them before they get too close and use their self-destruction skill? Even though some of them aren't being controlled, all of them will attack us one we begin to kill their kin."

Ryan nodded at that; it was only natural. Although it was weird that the monsters couldn't notice that some of their allies were being controlled by the fairies. The simplest way to prevent casualties was for Ryan to attack from the sky and keep the monsters' focus on him. Oberon most likely would appear and try to kill Ryan, so the chances of that failing were quite low. Ryan just had to last for a while and then decrease the monsters' army little by little alongside Haruna and the others.

"Femradiel, you will stay here and bombard the enemies, since you can't recover mana as fast as me, you will need to stay close to the mana potions," Ryan said. "If the monsters get close enough, don't hesitate and go all-out."

"So, I am babysitting," Femradiel said.

"I think that it is more accurate to say that you will make sure that those guys will be useful for as long as possible," Ryan said. "Besides, you will have the chance to attack as much as possible while I draw the monsters' attention. So, this position is the best for you given the current circumstances."

Furball would stay behind as well since a lot of mana was required to make him levitate. As for the Steel Eagle, the creature would remain on guard duty and make sure that no third party will join the fight unnoticed.

Ryan doubted that those would be useful, but he decided to equip the Frozen Gauntlets just in case. After giving a few more warnings, Ryan began to fly high in the sky until he disappeared from everyone's sight. His basic plan was to cause as much damage as possible, so he will need some distance and distance over his enemies to succeed in that. It would be great if Ryan could keep fighting at high altitudes, but if he does that, Femradiel, Haruna, and the others won't be able to offer him any support. So, he decided to do that only at the beginning of the fight.

"Well, here goes nothing" Ryan said and then canceled Telekinesis.

Ryan summoned his magic bows and began to charge Power Shots with them. A bit sooner than Ryan had expected, the monsters noticed his approach. He was just a tiny point in the sky five kilometers above ground level. However, they still noticed his approach or his energy being concentrated Regardless, Ryan decided to wait for a while longer since the monsters would fly toward him in a big mob. In the end, things proceeded as Ryan had planned, and when he finally released his Power Shots, dozens of bosses and hundreds of ordinary monsters died. While his mana was being recovered thanks to the monsters' death, Ryan also activated Rapid Shot, Arrow Shower, along with his Magic Bows and continued to decimate the monsters.

From Haruna's perspective, it looked like a spaceship had just entered Earth and began to destroy everything in its path that was the power that Ryan had obtained. It was even insane due to the fact that Ryan wasn't prideful and didn't look satisfied with his level of power. While all humans wanted more power, it looked like Ryan's hunger was on another level

Haruna woke up from her stupor when Furball barked while looking in another direction. When she looked in the same direction, she saw a weird yellow-ish cloud moving toward them those were the fairies.

"It is our turn now, everyone," Haruna said.

As soon as Haruna finished that sentence, Femradiel opened her mouth and used Ice Breath. In just a few seconds, she froze hundreds of fairies, but since the massive sphere of ice that covered them was cracking, it looked like they didn't die.

"What are you waiting for?" Femradiel asked. "Attack!"

Haruna and the others did as they were told, even though it felt weird obeying the commands of a small dragon. While they were freezing, the fairies couldn't do anything to evade the massive wave of attacks and died by the droves.

When Ryan noticed that his mana regeneration increased a little bit, he also noticed that the others had already started the fight. So, he increased his attack speed even more by firing Ice Arrows at the monsters, but in the end, he was forced to slow down and use Telekinesis again to fly away since the vermillion birds started to explode near him. The heat caused by the explosions was no joke, and to make matters even more complicated, their allies suffered no damage despite them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1