Chapter 421: Cold Trap

Chapter 421: Cold trap

It looked like Ryan stepped on a landmine. Yet, despite Titania's words, he wasn't even a little bit worried. Ryan already knew that something like that could, in fact, he considered that would happen as soon as the bosses defeated him. While that was a bit scary, he just used that as a fuel to motivate himself even more to win.

Titania decides to stop pulling her punches and put her hands together before firing a single concentrated electricity beam toward Ryan. However, he blocked the attack with his shield. Thanks to the effect of the weapon, Titania's attack didn't last for long. However, while she lost two thousand points of health, Ryan's shield lost ninety percent of its durability. Using that kind of strategy probably won't work for long. However, Ryan had a better idea

Ryan canceled his magic bows and also stored the real ones, and then in the next moment, he created a massive sphere of water and then froze it with Water Transformation. Titania frowned since that obviously wouldn't block the power of a concentrated lightning bolt. Still, she soon understood what Ryan was plotting since his image was getting distorted on the other side of the sphere and eventually disappeared.

Instead of letting Ryan continue with his plans, Titania attacked the ice sphere and destroyed it completely. A good part of the ice melted and became steam before Titania could find Ryan, the steam turned into mist no, Ryan made a cold mist cover the entire room. Titania bit her lips in annoyance since the temperature was quickly dropping.

Titania tried to end things as fast as possible with her electric attacks, but when she charged the lightning bolt, she suffered some damage Titania wounded herself with her own magic. That wasn't something that happened before without the intervention of her foes.

"What was that" Titania frowned.

Before she could notice, Titania's whole body was covered in a thin layer of ice, she was suffering damage, and her speed decreased as well. Trying to disperse the cold wind, Titania fired a powerful gust of wind toward the exit of the dungeon, but since she focused on dispersing the weather, her attack stopped at the ice wall that sealed the exit of the room. Right above it, she found Ryan, and despite the cold, he was completely fine.

"I thought you had great pride in your archery skills I guess I was wrong," Titania said.

"You will have to try a little bit harder to taunt me," Ryan said. "Regardless, you don't have to worry about that, I am going to finish you with my archery skills. I am just creating the right terrain for that."

Titania tried to sense the presence of her pawns on the other side of that ice wall, but it looked like Ryan created a massive barrier in just a few seconds. Moreover, the weather was also increasing the barrier's strength while his flame swords were killing the monsters. They will probably break before Ryan manages to end the fight, but the ice wall will certainly stop the monsters.

"I guess we can continue now," Ryan said and then equipped his heavy crossbows.

Despite the unfavorable situation, Titania still was smiling. That made Ryan frown since it looked like she had a card hidden up her sleeve. Still, Ryan ignored it and began to fire his bolts.

Titania's speed had decreased thanks to the cold, and now she couldn't out speed Ryan's bolts anymore. Grabbing them with her hands, she managed to decrease the damage received, but she was running out of patience little by little.

Ryan noticed that his mana regeneration had decreased slightly. That was a sign that one of his swords finally broke. While things were more or less under control, Ryan decided to go all out. In a single instant, Ryan uses dozens of DEX potions, and then his attack starts to make Titania's hands hurt like hell.

In a fit of rage, Titania gave up on stalling for time and charged toward Ryan. He tried to use Flash to escape from her attack, but much to his surprise, Titania caused a small wind explosion behind her, making her speed increase. In the end, she grabbed his neck before he could escape. Titania used her lightning bolts again, while she still was damaging himself, it was obvious who would last longer.

Ryan mustered all the willpower he had to control the cold air around and make it stick in Titania's body after he also activated Regeneration. However, he wasn't healing fast enough, and the layer of ice that was increasing the damage that she was suffering still wasn't enough

Ryan opened his mouth and used Ice Breath, trying to freeze Titania's head while also blinding her temporarily with his attack. In the meantime, he also summoned his ballista behind her, and while using Telekinesis, he pulled the lever. The massive steel needle pierced Titania's back and made her lose control over her powers for a second. An attack from behind in which she didn't notice obviously caused critical damage, but it didn't kill her, but it gave Ryan some room to breathe.

Ryan activated Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim and tried to fire several bolts on Titania's, yes, but her arms got in the way. That wasn't good, soon she recovered from the damage suffered and used lightning bolts to shock him, but she was forced to stop when a massive ice needle pierced her from behind and froze a good part of her back. Controlling the cold air, Ryan created another one on his ballista and then pulled the level again. Her entire back froze

"Where are you my dear" Titania muttered before the third ice needle finally pierced her heart and turned her into an ice statue.

You obtained 500.000 coins.

Ryan fell on the ground when the corpse finally lost the grip over his neck. While coughing, Ryan tried to recover as fast as possible since his mana wasn't regenerating as fast as before. Just as Ryan had imagined, Titania was waiting for reinforcements but from whom?

Class: Hunter Lv 86 (+ 04 UP / Elementalist Lv 55 / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 91th

Health: 1925/1925 (5,26/s)

Mana: 3050/3050 (5,26/s)

Stamina: 3010/3010 (5,26/s)

Strength: 31 (+170) (+130)

Dexterity: 2750 (+2450) (+220)

Speed: 140 (+1036) (+48)

Intelligence: 81 (+695) (+33)

Endurance: 28 (+153) (+160)

Control: 06 (+1118) (+10)

Mentality: 08 (+73) (+70)

Luck: 140 (+20)

Recovery: 1200 (+1600) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+71) (+40)

Coins: 17.233.712

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 84 (+ 03 UP), Concentration Lv 84 (+ 03 UP), Archery Lv 84 (+ 03 UP), Accuracy Lv 84 (+ 03 UP), Stealth Lv 71 (+ 03 UP), Dual Wield Lv 13 (+ 12 UP),

Spells: Water Walking Lv 01, Substitution Lv 01, Wind Armor Lv 10 (+ 09 UP),

Support Skills: Shock Resistance Lv 15 (+ 05 UP)

Classes:

Combat: Beastmaster Lv 53 (+ 04 UP), Archer Lv 80 (+ 05 UP), Combat Archer Lv 75 (+ 05 UP), Sniper Lv 58 (+ 03 UP), Weapons Master Lv 44 (+ 04 UP), Sentinel Lv 35 (+ 05 UP), Ranger Lv 30 (+ 03 UP), Poisonous Archer Lv 09 (+ 03 UP), Mimic Lv 03 (+ 02 UP),

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1