Chapter 429: Oberon

Chapter 429: Oberon

Ryan flew around the area while attacking with his Magic Bows. It was the only thing he could do in order not to lose speed. Still, even though he could control them with a single thought, the monsters still got close enough to attack him.

"It won't be that easy, huh" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

When the nearest monster exploded, Ryan used Flash and escaped from the damage caused. Still, soon enough, he had to repeat the same thing. It looked like the power of his Magic Bows that were essentially copies of his Frozen Crossbow wasn't enough.

It seemed a bit too soon for that, but in the end, Ryan used some DEX potions to increase his firepower alongside Ranger's Awakening. Thanks to it, his bolts slowed down the monsters chasing him to the point where he didn't even have to use Flash anymore.

Ryan smiled in satisfaction, but then he suddenly felt a shiver, and then he used Flash several times in rapid succession. Ryan's ears began to ring when a massive lightning bolt passed by the place he had been a few moments ago, and in an instant, it killed dozens of bosses. After looking in the direction the attack came from, Ryan saw a weird man at the dungeon entrance. He was also blond and had long pointy ears, but unlike Titania, he wasn't wearing a dress made of flowers, he had a flower crown, but his body was covered by what seemed to be an electric barrier.

Oberon  Lv 450

Health: 60.000/60.000

Mana: 239.000/240.000

Stamina: 90.000/90.000

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 2500 (+ 300)

Speed: 2500 (+ 200)

Intelligence: 8500 (+ 1500)

Endurance: 3000 (+ 200)

Control: 4500 (+ 500)

Mentality: 6000 (+ 1000)

Luck: 2000

Recovery: 90.000

Willpower: 6000 (+ 1000)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Confusion Touch Lv 400

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 380, Mind Enhancement Lv 350, Blessing of the Fairies Lv 380

Spells: Thunder Armor Lv 350, Fly Lv 400, Wind Manipulation Lv 300, Wind Transformation Lv 300, Wind Creation Lv 300, Thunder Cannon Lv 400, Thunder Storm Lv 250

Support Skills: Wind Resistance Lv 400, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Shock Resistance Lv 350, Cold Resistance Lv 250

Although he seemed pretty pissed, Oberon was indeed a good match for Titania. It was annoying to admit it, but he looked almost supernaturally handsome, even from Ryan's perspective. However, Ryan was more interested in the type of weapon he could obtain if he seals his soul into a weapon.

"It looks like ice magic won't be of any use against him" Ryan frowned. "That is odd, while he is a bit stronger than Titania, I can't understand how his Cold Resistance is so high."

It looked like Titania warned Oberon about how Ryan defeated her. That would explain why he left the dungeon so soon, but Ryan had a hard time believing that Oberon trained his Cold Resistance up to that point in just a few hours.

"Femradiel, make sure that you and the others won't get his attention," Ryan said. "It will be a terrible match up I will try to draw his attention to the other side of this area and you guys will keep attacking the monsters freely."

"I don't think he will let you," Femradiel said. "He will definitely try to get you by surprise while using the other monsters."

"He is welcome to try," Ryan said.

Ryan pointed his Magic Bows at Oberon and fired. However, some sparks of lightning suddenly appeared around Oberon's body and repelled the projectiles It was like some kind of automatic defense that can protect Oberon no matter what.

Oberon kept glaring at Ryan as if he was trying to open a hole in him with his eyes alone Ryan couldn't understand why the guy was so angry, given that his wife has a semi-immortality. In any case, Ryan began to fly toward the opposite direction where he left Femradiel, Haruna, and the others, and just like Femradiel said, Oberon made the vermillion birds fly toward Ryan. He didn't have time to slow them down, so the monsters got close enough and exploded. Ryan used Flash to escape, but then another lightning bolt flew toward him Ryan escaped after using Flash again, but his eyes were spinning.

"This is getting old really quick," Ryan bit his lips in annoyance.

Ryan couldn't even begin to think of a way to attack Oberon at the moment. It seemed like making him spend his mana as much as possible seemed like the best approach. However, with a recovery that high it didn't seem like a plausible plan of action.

"Let's try that" Ryan muttered.

Ryan began to charge a Power Shot after summoning his Fire Master Crossbow. Oberon just looked annoyed at him since it was evident that Ryan's attacks wouldn't land that easily. Regardless, Oberon made the vermillion birds fly and explode once they got close to Ryan, but this time he only used Flash once. When the lightning bolt flew toward him, Ryan blocked his shield after covering it in a thick layer of wind.

Somehow, the shield withstands the attack, and Oberon tasted a bit of his own poison and trembled when he suffered damage. However, Ryan was stunned due to the sound caused by the impact of his shield against the Thunder Cannon. Several vermillion birds used that change to approach, but they stopped in midair after Ryan used Purification and summoned his newest crossbow to attack them. While his confusion crossbow only worked against the small fries, it showed Ryan something very interesting The bolts made the fairies lose total control over them. Against the bosses, it stunned them for several seconds since the fairies' power and the effect of his crossbow countered each other.

That cost him a lot of mana, but Ryan freed several of the monsters from the fairies' control while Oberon was recovering from that unpleasant surprise.

Femradiel, can you do two things at the same time?" Ryan asked.

"Freeze or kill the fairies that will appear, right?" Femradiel asked. "Leave it to me."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1