Chapter 425: Dragon'S Smell

Chapter 425: Dragon's smell

Femradiel's words only puzzled Ryan even more he thought that the dragon slayers were just another type of monster that dungeons were spawning. But now that he thought about it, if that were indeed the case, they would do something else instead of hunting dragons. They would work hard to make their dungeons reach the max level first while hunting powerful creatures could help, hunting weaker monsters was much more efficient.

"I didn't notice, but it looks like you truly have a dragon spirit inside of you," Yahiko said.

"That is weird since you don't smell like them."

"Do you hear that, Femradiel?" Ryan asked with a smile on his face. "He says that dragons' smell bad, I assume."

"I didn't mean that," Yahiko said. "I was talking about the smell of their existence that smells like the seven deadly sins."

"They smell like the seven deadly sins?" Ryan frowned. "I bet only some special soaps can help them with that."

" Back to the topic," Yahiko said. "Since you already know the revival of some of us, I can skip some small details. Based on the information I obtained from the spirit of the samurai that possessed me, we weren't summoned by unknown beings like the dragons, and we certainly aren't like the other monsters that are coming to Earth by using dungeons. The will of the planet is what summoned the guardians."

"Guardians?" Ryan frowned. "The guys who keep hunting dragons?"

"That is hard to explain, but I will try to be as simple as I can," Yahiko said. "Just like the creatures of old are returning to our world, some legends are being revived again. Some are being revived by those who existed in the age of gods, the will of the planet is summoning others who aren't that easy to control."

"That is quite convenient," Ryan said. "You are trying to look different from others who are in similar positions as you."

"I can't deny that," Yahiko said. "But if I were lying, I wouldn't be standing here and talking with you. I would try to kill the dragon inside of you. She can read my mind, right? Then she must know that I am not your or her enemy."

Femradiel didn't reply, but it looked like she had the same thoughts Ryan had earlier about Yahiko. In any case, Ryan also couldn't feel any intentions coming from him, so at the very least, they could maintain a neutral relationship while their goal is the same.

"You said that you obtained the power to defeat a dragon after absorbing the spirit of a samurai," Ryan said. "That is a bit hard to believe, that the people of centuries ago had that power. Unless their legends are deeply related to the level of power you could obtain from them."

"You were correct. How famous a certain legend also determines the power of a guardian or a fallen. That is how I refer to those who decided to side with the monsters," Yahiko said.

"However, my current level of power isn't due to absorbing the spirit of a single samurai. As you can see, I only have a special class that I obtained when I first got the first spirit, but I also have a skill that grants me the power to absorb the spirits of other samurais."

"It looks like a very useful but limited skill," Ryan said.

"Well, we are on the lands of the samurais, so there is no better place to have it," Yahiko smiled. "Thanks to that skill, I managed to defeat and absorb the power of samurais of old, and also thanks to it, I managed to protect a good part of Tokyo and its citizens."

"That is why I came here, to talk about the powers you obtained as a dungeon master," Ryan said. "If you tell me everything you know about it, we will be even, and you won't have to treat me like you owe me something."

"That is something I can gladly share with you since you also have the same chance as me," Yahiko said. "There is no need to trade that small piece of information for the favor you gained with us by saving the lives of thousands."

"That was an accident, and I don't want to hear about useless things like that," Ryan said.

"Right, right," Yahiko laughed. "As you already know, the description of most skills and items doesn't show everything they really can do. It is the same with the domain stone. The important thing that you need to know is that you can't change your domain's location once you use the stone. However, you can expand it with mana and coins. You also have access to a number of planets where you can create dungeons to invade them, some of them are new to these kinds of changes made by mana, but others aren't so new they are the worlds of where some creatures that are trying to invade Earth live."

Ryan frowned when he heard that, since that a small detail that contested Ryan's new theory that this whole invasion thing wasn't something that was caused by an unknown being from an alien planet or civilization Yep, Ryan was assuming too many things while obtaining new pieces of information and forgetting others

"You probably heard that you could only select up to five bosses to spawn, but you can buy more slots to make different types of creatures to appear once a dungeon breaks happen, at the cost of coins and mana, of course," Yahiko said. "The domain system is quite complex, but those are the basics. You have to see for yourself instead of hearing my perspective about it."

Ryan nodded at that because, in fact, he didn't want to learn about everything. He only wanted to know about the limitations in order to prevent some troublesome mistakes. Now Ryan had to make another decision, look for other tiers, three dungeons all over the world, or create a domain in his home country

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1