Chapter 420: Back Attack

Chapter 420: Back attack

Fairy  Lv 400

Health: 4000/4000

Mana: 15000/15000

Stamina: 3000/3000

Strength: 750 (+ 250)

Dexterity: 1200 (+ 350)

Speed: 1100 (+ 250)

Intelligence: 1500 (+ 250)

Endurance: 800 (+ 150)

Control: 1100 (+ 250)

Mentality: 1000 (+ 150)

Luck: 750 (+ 50)

Recovery: 1500 (+ 350)

Willpower: 1000 (+ 150)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Bite Lv 320, Scratch Lv 320

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Strength Lv 250, Improved Speed Lv 250,

Spells: Sleep Lv 400, Confusion Lv 400, Mind Control Lv 400

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 100, Shock Resistance Lv 100, Wind Resistance Lv 200

Ryan never tested that before, but before firing this bolt toward the mass of monsters, he enchanted it with Lesser Fire Enchantment and Elemental Nature. In the end, his bolt minced into bits hundreds of fairies and also caused an explosion that killed many others. When that happened, the shockwave almost knocked Ryan down, but he resisted and bombarded Titania with his magic bows. However, when he turned around, he saw her enveloped by a wind barrier. His attacks were being completely nullified.

Although Ryan's attacks decimated the fairies, Titania's smile didn't disappear from her face. He confirmed why when he heard the buzzing sound again.

"... Annoying insects" Ryan said after clicking his tongue.

Ryan summoned his three Flame swords and then connected them before making them spin at super speeds in the entrance of the last part of the dungeon. The monsters that tried to pass by them were slashed apart in several pieces by the magic weapons. However, they were also losing a lot of durability. While they weren't sturdy monsters, the fairies still were monsters of a tier-three dungeon.

"You will join my army, but not before paying for your crimes," Titania said.

The smile had vanished from her face since her garden was one dirty with pieces of flesh and a lot of blood. Before she could do anything, Ryan fired his bolts at unbelievable speed towards Titania, but she blocked them by making lightning bolts fly from her hands and destroy the projectiles.

It looked like the Thunder Lord crossbow won't be that useful against her, so Ryan transformed his magic bows in the heavy crossbows. While they still were made of mana, the new projectiles still would have the earth element's properties, thus making them last longer.

The lightning bolts were so noisy that Ryan was having a hard time focusing hearing on the sides to avoid some unpleasant surprises. Titania finally began to fly around the room and tried to hit Ryan with one of her lightning bolts, but she only aimed at his leg, and Ryan dodged it by using Flash.

"She doesn't want to kill me I guess she can't control something dead," Ryan concluded.

That would be useful, but only for a while. Someone as old as Titania wouldn't take too many risks if she senses that her life is in danger With that in mind, Ryan had to try to finish the fight as soon as possible.

While Ryan wanted that, all his bolts were being repelled by Titania's lightning magic. That was insane since he was firing dozens of them every second. Ryan changed his strategy and decided to attack only with his magic bows, but then he equipped his newest weapon and fired Cursed Ray. Titania tried to block the attack as well, but she failed since the day didn't have a physical form. She slightly frowned when she got hit by it, and her status decreased for a few seconds. In the end, that didn't trouble in the slightest. She just increased her flying speed. Ryan tried to use Perfect Aim, but the skill didn't activate.

"Great it doesn't work with all types of attacks" Ryan clicked his tongue.

Ryan's usual fighting style wasn't working, so he decided to improvise. While still firing his magic bolts, Ryan equipped his Chaos Axe and then used Fire Cannon. While the skill wasn't powerful or fast enough to burn Titania, it had a large area of effect and made the monster lose sight of Ryan for a few moments. Titania noticed that something was off, but she didn't find Ryan even when she increased her speed.

Suddenly, the flames disappeared and, on the place Ryan was supposed to be, there was nothing. Titania tried to increase her speed once more while she turned around, but in the end, that was within Ryan's predictions. Titania was forced to block the attack with her hands, and since Ryan used Concentrated Strike, a lot of blood was coming from her hands. At the same time, she was unable to block Ryan's magic bolts. Ryan tried to blind her, but a wind Barrier protected her face. As if that wasn't enough, Titania still used lightning to cover her hands. The electricity passed through the ax and hit Ryan, but he escaped by using Flash. However, his weapon was now in Titania's hand. Fortunately, her powers weren't enough to break the weapon in a few seconds.

"I guess it is time to take some risks," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Pointing his left hand toward Titania, Ryan activated Silence. In the end, the skill worked, but only for a single instant. The wind barrier reappeared nearly instantly but not fast enough to prevent Ryan from firing several poisoned bolts on Titania's face.

The bolts only scratched her face, but still activated the poisonous effects. Titania suddenly stopped flying and touched her face only to find some small marks of blood. Recovery healed her in a few seconds, but it looked like Ryan managed to damage more than her face he damaged her pride and her appearance, the things that she valued the most.

"... Change of plans," Titania said, and her face suddenly transformed into a demon-like insect face. "You won't become a soldier in our army, you will become a doll in which I will torment every day to get rid of my boredom. Be thankful that I won't let you die. You will continue to exist until your very existence becomes less valuable than of the insects."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1