Chapter 437: Reason

Chapter 437: Reason

"That was unexpectedly anticlimactic" Yahiko said while he and Ryan walked across the corpses of the headless dragons.

Ryan was as confused as Yahiko was. He didn't imagine that the fight wouldn't end like that maybe Yahiko was right, and no one controlled the azure dragons. Yet, Ryan decided to keep his guard up. He had a feeling that he couldn't describe, with words bothering him in his chest.

"Do you think something is waiting for us inside the dungeon?" Yahiko asked.

"I am not sure," Ryan replied. "Underwater, I am not nearly as effective, but I don't think you will face any problems. If someone laid a trap for us, that someone probably already know your attack power won't decrease inside the dungeon considering that, it would be a pretty stupid idea to wait for all these monsters to be decimated and only after that attack."

Another possibility was that the dungeon master gave up since the other three dungeons were cleared and the armies defeated. Facing a group of people who could do it alone wasn't a good idea, even more so when Yahiko never participated in the fights and was strong enough to clear those dungeons alone.

"Can you change the boss of your dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"I can, but only once the bosses are defeated, or if I buy another slot for a boss, but the order can't be changed," Yahiko replied. "Do you think the dungeon master was here but decided to escape upon noticing that their changes were small?"

"I think it is possible while it is difficult, and probably requires a stupid amount of mana, I bet that some monsters can travel between the world and Earth without relying on the dungeons," Ryan replied while rubbing his chin. "When those four dungeons appeared?"

"At the same day I obtained the domain stone" Yahiko replied. "That is what made me think that they wanted my domain."

"That was probably what caused their downfall they didn't think you would last this long," Ryan said. "Anyway, hopefully, others that also used their domain stones won't have fallen for the attack of monsters. Otherwise things might be pretty messy in other regions."

Without wasting any more time, Ryan and Yahiko jumped into the ocean and swam toward the underwater dungeon. While some monsters were spawning, none of them were really a threat to them. In the end, they confirmed that there wasn't a trap waiting for them inside the dungeon. That was disappointing, as it was a relief. Regardless, Ryan hurried to pick his class because even though his skill improved his resistance, he could only last a couple of minutes underwater.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Warlord, Sentinel, and High Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan already had the Sentinel class, and he had already seen the High Mage. While it was interesting, he was more interested in the melee one. Hopefully, he would get lucky again, but even if he doesn't, Ryan was more interested in the bonus points he would receive with each level up.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Warlord!

You obtained the following skills: Improved Strength, Steel Nerves, and War Cry.

Your health and strength will increase by six points. Your stamina, mana, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Improved Strength.

Effect: It passively increases your strength by five points per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Steel Nerves

Effect: It increases your perception when dodging all types of attacks by one percent per level, making them apparently slower as they approach.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: War Cry.

Effect: It increases your and your allies Strength and Endurance by five points per level for sixty seconds.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Before Ryan could complain about his new skills, he left the dungeon since he was running out of air. He had decided not to worry about the skills earlier, but in the end, he couldn't help but feel disappointed.

"Well at least I obtained a buff that works in the area and doesn't consume much mana," Ryan said after sighing.

"It looks like our work is done here," Yahiko said. "I am kind of excited that I got my first class after clearing my first dungeon, but I don't feel any difference in me."

"My job is done here and since there is no other tier three dungeon, I am going to depart," Ryan said. "See ya."

"I don't think anyone can do that with the world in this state, but you should take it easy for a day at least, Ryan," Yahiko said. "I can tell that you have been in battle mode for quite a while you remember a documentary about soldiers that had PTSD and couldn't go by a single day without thinking about fighting."

"Your persuasion skills need some work," Ryan frowned. "While I look on edge from your perspective, I am completely fine. I didn't lash my anger at anyone yet. So, there is nothing to worry about."

"But about your reward?" Yahiko said. "I left it in Tokyo and in this kind of situation, we need to celebrate our success."

"I hate crowds; besides, you are lying," Ryan said. "If you truly obtained something valuable that you intended to give me, you wouldn't store somewhere else, not when you have a storage ring."

"You got me there," Yahiko laughed. "Still it doesn't change the fact that I need to reward you in front of my allies for your efforts, while I don't care about keeping appearances, this is something that I want to do, you freed thousands of Japanese men and women, after all."

" I am not interested, but I will give you the chance to tell me one reason to stay here for a few more hours," Ryan sighed.

"A reason? How about a Teleportation tome?" Yahiko showed an unusual smirk.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1