Chapter 432: New Class

Chapter 432: New Class

Ryan sighed when he checked his skill list. His best skill finally reached the max level. To think that his best skill, the first active skill he learned by himself, would reach the level cap so soon was disheartening, to say the least. Not even the fact that he won the fight in a single day improved his mood.

"I can't believe we did it we won in a single afternoon!" Haruna shouted and jumped as if she had done something very impressive.

While that was indeed impressive, Ryan couldn't share the same excitement. Regardless, it was time to proceed toward the dungeon after getting his loot. While they were all fire-based, Ryan managed to obtain some magic items that were a little better than the old ones he lost in the last few days. As for the others he got, they were only half of the things the monsters dropped.

"I guess we are set to go," Haruna smiled despite being exhausted due to the fight.

"It looks like someone is happy because they are about to receive a promotion," Ryan said.

"Well, I am just trying my best for my friends to receive good treatment," Haruna said. "While Lord Yahiko doesn't discriminate the old or new members of his camp, he recognizes that fact that he needs to be careful with how he treats everyone."

Lately, Ryan learned how useful it was to have a human army, but he also learned that he had to consider several useless things. What Haruna mentioned was one of them in the end, an army of monsters was less balanced, but at least he didn't have to worry about that kind of bullshit.

After the loot was distributed, Ryan, Haruna, and the others headed toward the dungeon. While Ryan kept his guard up in case Oberon had left something behind to cause problems for him, Ryan didn't find anything. As usual, some fairies spawned inside the dungeon, but nothing major happened.

"I guess they live in the same world" Ryan said while looking at the ground, ceiling, and walls of the dungeon covered in flowers and vines.

Now that Ryan thought about it, those flowers were from another planet. He wondered if they could be useful in some sort of way, but Analysis didn't show him anything. In the end, they found the purple crystal and the treasure chest rather quickly.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Poisonous Archer, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"No luck this time, huh," Ryan said and then sighed while shrugging. " I suppose it can't be helped."

It happened again those were three classes that Ryan have already seen before. Regardless, that might be a good chance. Ryan suffered too much damage in a single moment against Oberon, so maybe it was time for him to grow a little sturdier. While the Conjurer class interested Ryan, he already had his hands full by using two crossbows and controlling the Magic Bows with his mind.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Dark Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Bloodthirsty, Cursed Rage, and Health Boost.

Your health and strength will increase by six points, your stamina, mana, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bloodthirsty.

Effect: It grants you the power to heal yourself based on the damage caused when using swords. You can heal one percent of the damage caused per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cursed Rage

Effect: It consumes one point of health per attack to increase the power of your attacks when using swords by one percent.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Health Boost.

Effect: It increases your health by twenty points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Ryan couldn't help but stare in amazement at those skills. Not only they didn't consume his stamina and mana, but they were also incredibly useful. The Dark Knight class granted Ryan a lot of survivability.

"Who could have thought that you could become this excited by obtaining a class that doesn't improve your current fighting style" Femradiel said.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 80 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 79th

You obtained Fly tome.

" What?" Ryan muttered in shock.

Ryan thought he wouldn't obtain anything anymore by raising his rank, but it looked like, once again, his predictions were off the mark... moreover, Ryan had been lucky. Fly consumed only twenty points of mana per second and increased his movement speed by one percent per level

"That and several other spells you could have easily learned just by using Draconic Transformation just once," Femradiel said.

"All this time, and you still don't understand that I don't intend to use such skill," Ryan sighed.

"Why not?" Femradiel asked. "You already letting me join the fights, so why not stop being so stubborn?"

"This is this and that is that," Ryan said while he shrugged.

After a long sigh, Femradiel decided to end the talk right there. Regardless, while Haruna and the others were getting their classes, Ryan decided to level up Fly a little bit. Weirdly enough, it was much convenient to use Fly than use Telekinesis to move around.

Ryan felt like since the day he was born, he could freely move in the air it was pretty fun, relaxing, and the sense of freedom couldn't be compared to anything else. Ryan decided to train that skill whenever possible because he would need that boost in movement speed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1