Chapter 430: Explosive Long Sword

Chapter 430: Explosive Long Sword

Ryan and Femradiel quickly were decreasing Oberon's army now that they didn't need to kill all of them. Despite that, Oberon didn't seem more enraged than before It looked like his fury had already reached the peak a long time ago.

Upon noticing that an attack from a distance would give Ryan just enough time to escape, Oberon decided to change his tactics. He began to fly slowly toward him. Ryan didn't know if he was trying to look badass since he was a king, or that was just another tactic to make Ryan get tense. Either way, he couldn't care less about it.

When Oberon pointed his right hand toward him, Ryan fired his Power Shot toward the boss. His bolt and Thunder Cannon collided against each other, and a massive explosion happened. Ryan used that chance to fly high and then free several other monsters from the fairies' control, but much to his surprise, Oberon approached him and began to fire lightning bolts. Ryan used his shield enchanted with wind power to repel them, but his shield wouldn't last long if that continues

" I guess it is time to do what I wasn't expecting to do," Ryan muttered after clicking his tongue.

Ryan stopped firing with his Magic Bows and then used Flash to approach Oberon. Whenever he moved slightly, Ryan moved to the side in order to escape from his sight. Before Oberon could find a pattern in Ryan's movement, he disappeared from his sight. Then Oberon felt a powerful impact on his back, followed by several touches that slightly bothered him.

When Oberon turned around, he saw Ryan shaking his arms that the electric barrier had electrocuted. Despite that, Ryan succeeded in making some poisonous bolts pierce the monster's skin, and he noticed that the boss was suffering considerable damage it wasn't much, but it was progressing.

"The barrier focused on the points my punches touched, that means I can't open a hole in it shit," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance when he saw several monsters flying towards him.

Just because Ryan found a hole in Oberon's plan of attack, it doesn't mean his victory was assured. Regardless, while Oberon was pulling away from the bolts from his back, Ryan summoned the short spears he enchanted with the spirit of the fairies. However, instead of firing them from different directions, Ryan made them spin very close from each other, forming a longer spear. Oberon's annoyance increased slightly since he knew what Ryan was planning.

When the boss moved its hand, Ryan fired the short spears, and as expected, Oberon used Thunder Cannon. His attack slowly destroyed one spear after the other, but while doing that, his attack was completely stopped. Oberon imagined that Ryan would use that chance to attack. Still, much to his surprise, Ryan flew away from him, and then he landed on the ground, only using Earth Manipulation and Earth Transformation to create a single long sword. After that, Ryan bombarded the face of a random vermillion bird until it froze and it was knocked down. Ryan used Seal on it. He repeated while his short spears were being destroyed one after the other.

Explosive Long Sword (Fire) (+6)

Effect: it causes explosions upon contact that consumes fifty points of mana per second, and the damage caused will be equal to your strength plus your intelligence.

Strength + 150, Intelligence + 105

Durability: 150/150

"Now this is more like it," Ryan said while swinging around his new weapon that emitted a black and red glow.

" What do you think you are planning to do with that?" Oberon finally opened his mouth.

"Oh, you can talk!" Ryan said, faking his surprise. "I can't say it, since that would ruin the surprise but I can give you a small hint: it will be even worse than what I did with your wife."

Oberon bit his lips until they started to bleed. In a single instant, dark clouds covered the sky, and Ryan confirmed it wasn't a fluke since Oberon used half of his mana in that instant as well.

"Focus on defense, Femradiel," Ryan said.

Soon after Ryan finished that sentence, lightning bolts began to fall from the sky like rain. Some of them almost hit Ryan, but the vast majority decimated the vermillion birds and the fairies that controlled them. Ryan used Flash non-stop to dodge the Thunder Storm, but he failed at protecting his eardrums his sense of balance was completely messed up, but even in that situation, Ryan continued to move around, trying to dodge the lightning bolts and while also charging Concentrated Strike.

Ryan used several potions to increase his speed and another status alongside his mana and stamina, and much to his surprise, he wasn't interrupted even a single time. The monsters couldn't move without risking getting hit by lightning bolts, and even though he was trying his best, Oberon couldn't control the power of such a massive spell completely.

When Ryan's mana reached a certain point, he used Full-Heal and then recovered himself. It was time to put his plan into practice little by little, Ryan approached the boss, he made sure to always stay in Oberon's field of vision, trying to taunt him to attack as many times as possible in order to make the idiot spend his mana.

Suddenly, Ryan used Flash several times in a straight line to approach Oberon. He didn't waste that chance, and Oberon prepared Thunder Cannon, but Ryan disappeared from his field of vision at the last minute. In the next moment, Oberon felt a sharp pain on his back, and then he began to fall his wings had been cut.

"I told you that it would be worse than what I did to your" Ryan said, but then he stopped when he felt a shiver.

Ryan used Flash to escape, but in the end, he still got hit by a lightning bolt when several of them fell from the sky around Oberon Ryan didn't have the chance to block or dodge it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1