Chapter 436: Might

Chapter 436: Might

Yahiko was quite interested in how Ryan would do that since he had no idea how he could do the same. In the end, he didn't notice anything while Ryan just stared at the ocean. However, eventually, his presence changed, and Yahiko tried to see what changed with Appraisal. He finally noticed his status and skills for the first time, but they were more mage-like than archer-like.

Ryan raised his arms toward the sky, and then dark clouds appeared in the sky, his mana was being sucked at incredible speeds, but Femradiel used the potions to help him with that. Eventually, the preparations for Thunder Storm were complete, but Ryan failed at controlling the spell. Dozens of lightning bolts felt on the ocean and electrocuted everything around, but several others also hit the land

"Shit I wanted to hit them after they leave the ocean and slowly decrease their numbers" Ryan clicked his tongue and then said.

"What did you expect? You never train your spells at the same pace you train your archery skills," Femradiel said.

You obtained 75.000 coins.

You obtained 75.000 coins.

You obtained 250 coins.

Ryan recognized that fact, but he still hoped that his focus would help him with that. Regardless, it looked like despite everything, Ryan succeeded to some extent. Dozens of corpses of bosses began to float in the ocean, and hundreds of the mobs also appeared. After recovering from the shocking surprise, the others left the sea and prepared for the fight there was no point in hiding when Ryan could cause such much damage from afar. His strategy of copying Oberon's skills and statuses worked. Maybe he should use those types of skills more often. Still, since they were never that satisfying to use, Ryan was reluctant despite their usefulness.

Seiryu  Lv 370

Health: 65.000/65.000

Mana: 80.000/80.000

Stamina: 65.000/65.000

Strength: 2000

Dexterity: 3500

Speed: 2000

Intelligence: 6000

Endurance: 1500

Control: 3000

Mentality: 4000

Luck: 1500

Recovery: 25.000

Willpower: 4000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Aquatic Charge Lv 330

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 330, Improved Strength Lv 320, Improved Intelligence Lv 310

Spells: Water Tornado Lv 350, Water Manipulation Lv 350, Wind Manipulation Lv 350, Water Cannon Lv 300

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 220, Wind Resistance Lv 200, Water Resistance Lv 200

The monsters began to fly toward Ryan and Yahiko, but their range was larger than they had predicted. The azure dragons opened their mouths and fired Water Cannons. Ryan summoned his shield to block and stop their advance, but it was unnecessary Yahiko swung his sword, not only cutting their attacks with Sonic Blade but also beheading the monsters that charged too eagerly

" Maybe you should strive to reach that level of strength, Ryan," Femradiel said via Telepathy. "You can't be arrogant until you reach that level of strength."

Ryan ignored Femradiel's words and then equipped his newest bow. Without worrying about the cost of mana each arrow consumed, he fired and shocked the dragons for a few precious moments. Yahiko used to behead them. They were a pretty good team but Ryan knew that his presence was completely unnecessary there. Without breaking a sweat, Yahiko could kill dozens of dragons in a few seconds, after all.

"Oh, well no point in complaining and getting annoyed," Ryan shrugged. "I just have to obtain as many coins as possible and then get my next class."

While Ryan and Yahiko's combined attacks could completely stop the boss's charge, the same couldn't be said about the ordinary monsters. Their numbers easily reached the five digits mark, and it would be a waste to use Yahiko's attacks just to kill them. Femradiel tried to kill them, but the elemental match-up wasn't that favorable for her.

"I guess I will need to develop some other elemental affinities and pass to the next familiar," Femradiel said.

"You are planning to make more of your offspring and use them like that?" Ryan frowned.

"That was just a manner of speaking," Femradiel said. "What I created and I can create is a small version of my body. Besides, that will be useful, I want to keep my main body with its natural properties."

Dragons were weird but Ryan decided to forget about that and change his targets. Yahiko was more than capable of dealing with bosses alone. Without hesitating, Ryan summoned his Magic Bows and began to attack the ordinary monsters. Despite that, the monsters were getting close. Little by little things won't be that easy, it seems.

"We will have to split," Ryan said.

"It is okay, don't worry," Yahiko said.

When the monsters were just five hundred meters away from them, Yahiko canceled his ghost armor and make it disperse. After a few seconds, several ghosts took shape, and for some reason, they were all wearing the armor and sword that Yahiko wears. However, Ryan could easily tell them apart. Even though they were ghosts, they had some scars on their bodies and their hairstyle was pretty much different from each other.

"Kill them," Yahiko said.

The ghosts flew in all directions while approaching the monsters. Several Water Cannons were fired towards them, but the spells passed through them they really were convenient creatures. As if they were some killing machines, the ghost began to split the azure dragons in two even faster than Ryan.

"It looks like your pride is being damaged by the minute," Femradiel said.

"Just shut up, Femradiel," Ryan said after a long sigh.

In the end, Ryan only confirmed what he already knew. Yahiko didn't need his help, and he couldn't clear the dungeon by himself. The azure dragons weren't pushovers, but they never had the chance to scratch Ryan or Yahiko. Still, he waited patiently for the time where the dungeon master who was pulling strings to show up and make the battle hard, as it should be but they never showed up.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1