Chapter 439: Changes

Chapter 439: Changes

Since Ryan wasn't that sociable, Yahiko said that he could depart even in the middle of the night. His people would celebrate until sunrise, so only a few people would be able to see him off the next day. There was no sense in waiting without wasting time, Ryan began to use Teleport. He had the pretty crazy idea to use it to cross the Pacific Ocean in a straight line. That was even more insane, given that Ryan had to spend three times more mana thanks to Furball and the Steel Eagle. In any case, thanks to that, Ryan leveled up the skill at an insane speed.

"Yep Crossing an ocean relying on potions alone would be pretty hard," Ryan nodded to himself. "Thankfully, I obtained a lot of magic items in the last few days and I can use Mana-Eater to get a lot of mana."

Since that skill wasn't at a high level, Ryan and his pets had to stay at a pretty high altitude in order for them not to fall in the ocean while he recovers his mana. But it was kind of fun to experience so many free falls, and his pets didn't seem bothered by it.

"Hehe, this feels awesome" Ryan smiled, full of satisfaction. "Even at level one, this skill could let me cross twenty kilometers instantly I guess you should Zen more often, Femradiel. I need a lot more mana to increase the usefulness of this skill."

"Like I said, the skill is always active," Femradiel said. "Besides, even if it is better than Meditation, you can't expect miracles."

In the end, it looked like the best option was to use some status points to increase his mana and recovery or just level up his magical classes. Thanks to recovery alone, Ryan could teleport fifty meters per second, but he wanted more

"That is right I should make some magic items that increase recovery and upgrade them," Ryan muttered to himself. "I just need to find the right monsters that have a stupid level of recovery trolls will do."

Ryan didn't even return to his home country, and he already knew what he would do next. That was good, much better than to keep hesitating over his options. Around the time the sun was rising, Ryan found some land ahead. While his traveling speed thanks to Teleport had increased, it was crazy to think that he could cross the entire Pacific Ocean in just six hours. Eventually, he learned that he wasn't back in his home country well, he was in a sense. He had arrived in Hawaii.

"I guess my course was slightly off" Ryan said while he was falling from the sky and watched the island filled with monsters. "I can't even imagine what the people here had to endure since they didn't have many places to hide or to run to"

Water Snake Lv 400

Health: 15.000/15.000

Mana: 20.000/20.000

Stamina: 10.000/10.000

Strength: 1500

Dexterity: 3500

Speed: 1500

Intelligence: 7500

Endurance: 2000

Control: 2500

Mentality: 5000

Luck: 1500

Recovery: 12.500

Willpower: 5000

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Strangle Lv 300

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 320, Improved Intelligence Lv 350

Spells: Poison Bullet Lv 300, Water Cannon Lv 350

Support Skills: Poison Resistance Lv 400, Underwater Resistance Lv 400, Cold Resistance Lv 350

Ryan couldn't help but feel shivers when he finally identified the monsters they were some pretty larger blue and green snakes. Ryan never got close to any snake before, but it looked like he had some phobia level towards them.

"Level four hundred I guess no one here had the chance to clear the dungeon," Ryan muttered. "I can't see any other monster species, so I guess those creatures had been enough to decimate the biggest island of this archipelago. Do you sense any other dungeon nearby Femradiel?"

"No, and I am one hundred percent sure they belong only to a tier two dungeon," Femradiel replied.

"I guess I can assume you don't want me to waste much time here, huh," Ryan said.

"I can't sense any humans, so there is no real need for you to stay," Femradiel said. "You want to look for tier three dungeons and help other humans, right?"

"Well if it is possible and doesn't put me at risk" Ryan shrugged. "In any case, this place will give you some decent amount of mana, so let's kill some snakes and delay the level up speed of these monsters."

In the end, Femradiel assumed her Wyrm form and decided to increase their hunting speed. While her elemental nature wasn't that favorable against the water snakes, she surprised Ryan while firing Lightning Bolts from her mouth. It looked like she was readying herself for the creation of the next familiar.

While Femradiel, Furball, and the Steel Eagle were killing the snakes, Ryan used his old tactic to summon a golem and put it some battle machines in them. Only after creating one thousand of those, which made Ryan work all morning, he decided to move on. That was weird since Ryan and his pets didn't even advance a few kilometers inland

"I guess I am in a hurry to return as well" Ryan frowned.

It was understandable but surprising nonetheless. There was no place like home while Ryan's home had been destroyed, he still could feel much more relaxed knowing that he in American soil or at least in the American continent.

In the end, Ryan finally returned to America a few minutes before sunset. Still, he couldn't help but frown when he saw hundreds of monsters walking around the coast as if they were the owners of the place. That was weird since around that time, Mark's plan of guarding all the dungeons should have been completed

"You were away only for a few weeks, but it looked like things changed for the worse in these parts" Femradiel said. "I can sense many unguarded dungeons in this region."

Ryan didn't like to hear that but he thanked Femradiel for informing him sooner than later. Ryan rushed back to the base in order to confirm what the hell was going on.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1