Chapter 438: Farewell

Chapter 438: Farewell

In the end, Ryan decided to stay for the rest of the day and spend the night in Tokyo as well. It would be stupid to leave without receiving the tome. Considering how useful it would be, Ryan also decided to help Yahiko with the celebration. As long as he doesn't have to give speeches and smile to everyone, he would stay and celebrate not like everyone would be able to understand his words.

"I should have asked him to give me the tome in order to level up," Ryan said while he was watching the citizens of the city preparing for the party. "in any case, this is a good opportunity for me I have almost a full day to think about what I should do next."

"Going home or keeping looking for other tier three dungeons, right?" Femradiel asked. "If you don't intend to stay in your domain for long, you should look for a guardian to keep things in check while you travel. I know some spells that might help you with that, making sapient beings completely obedient to you, but it won't solve anything if that someone isn't powerful enough to hold down a possible threat while you are away."

"Are you talking about brainwashing?" Ryan frowned. "I would rather not use something like that"

"It isn't brainwashing, it is just a spell to prevent someone from doing something you don't want," Femradiel said. "Well, first you have to look for someone who you can trust for that. I am pretty sure you don't have someone like that, right?"

Ryan could only nod while he gave Zoe an important task, it was a bit different from that. Besides, he couldn't put any more weight on her shoulders. Regardless, if Ryan doesn't find someone appropriate, he could just fill his domain with summoned creatures. Now that he was going to learn Teleport, his movement speed would increase several times. While he probably didn't have enough mana to move between countries, maybe one day he will have

"Yeah, I am going to return for a while," Ryan nodded to himself. "I just need to look for a good place where I can find many monsters of several species, I will be able to obtain a lot of mana and coins by creating a domain in such a place. That is what I need to keep the domain growing."

After making his decision, Ryan waited patiently for the celebration. Although there weren't many resources to be used, Yahiko made sure that his people would be able to enjoy the party without holding back. After all, they will be able to leave his domain and do whatever they wanted from now on. Be it create other camps near other dungeons or try to rebuild the infrastructure of their old society.

When the party started, Ryan felt incredibly out of place because most of the Japanese wore clothes that looked traditional or at least pretty comfortable. While Ryan didn't take his equipment out even for a second. After the party's start, Yahiko gave a speech on a wooden platform and soon called Ryan. While he heard some applauses, Ryan couldn't help but frown it was weird to listen to an ovation in unknown words. In the end, Yahiko quickly gave Ryan the tome since it was obvious that he didn't like to be the center of the attention.

Congratulations! You learned the skill Teleport.

Effect: It grants you the power to instantly move over long distances. You can teleport to places that you have already been or that you can see. The distance crossed is equal to the amount of mana used multiplied by ten meters per level.

Ryan finally grinned from ear to ear, but he should have done that after leaving the platform since he looked like someone who was planning to do something questionable with his new skill. Yahiko laughed heartily at that, but the others who watched the whole event couldn't help but frown. Ryan noticed his misstep and then slightly bowed before leaving while using Teleport. Ryan returned to the building's roof in the blink of an eye, where Yahiko and his closest followers lived.

"I see now this spell is different from Flash, it requires some concentration to be used, so it can be cancelled by attacks and external forces," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Sorry about this, Femradiel, but I will use my mana like there is no tomorrow."

"I was going to recommend you to do that," Femradiel said. "While I am planning to make another familiar, that isn't something I am in a hurry to do."

In that sense, Ryan wanted to give Femradiel some pointers since the familiar had to help him in combat, but that was hard, and Femradiel was the one who knew what is possible and what isn't.

After a while, Yahiko appeared and then gave Ryan a spatial ring. That was the one which he used, but right now was filled with the dragon hearts his soldiers managed to recover that day. Apparently, it will take three days for all of them to be recovered, so Ryan was getting one-third of the total.

"There are five hundred of the big ones and fifteen hundred of the small ones here," Yahiko said. "You said that you won't wait any longer, so you are going to miss a few thousand of the small ones."

"That is fine, while I want my status to grow, relying on dragon hearts will probably make me a little lazy, even more so considering what I am going to do next," Ryan said. "Thanks for the help while you will use the dragon hearts to help your people, I can assure that the people in my country will pay a decent price if you decide to sell them."

"I will think about it if the necessity arises," Yahiko said and then offered a handshake. "I hope that we will fight together soon, Ryan and the next time will be the last fight for the sake of our planet. I wish you good luck on your journey."

"I wish you luck as well," Ryan said after accepting the handshake.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1