Chapter 443: Traitors

Chapter 443: Traitors

While the first fight made Ryan realize that he will have to play it safe and be patient, it also gave him a few ideas on how to handle the monsters. Ryan assumed that Mana Steal was similar to Mana-Eater. At the same time, Ryan's skills could only work while he was touching something. The first one wasn't that powerful. So, Ryan decided to test a certain theory

Instead of slowly covering his targets with ice, Ryan made their bodies wet and then cooled down the water. The monsters began to freeze, but then Ryan noticed that the effectiveness of Mana Steal was more significant when they also came in contact with things that had mana the ice began to melt faster than Ryan could make them freeze.

"So annoying" Ryan clicked his tongue.

In the end, Ryan fired some electric bolts to see what would happen. While the melting process slowed down when the monsters noticed Ryan's second wave of attacks, the bolts passed through the creature. That wasn't supposed to be possible, but

"They melt the areas where the bolts were going to hit and the son of a bitch used Intangibility in that single area of its body," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"Your analytical skills are improving," Femradiel said.

Ryan ignored the compliment and then created an Ice Arrow. Before firing it, he made it a spin. When the arrow was about to hit the monster, the bastard used Intangibility. Still, Ryan smirked since he made the arrow stop using Telekinesis inside the beast. The monster's mana quickly began to decrease Just as Ryan had expected, Intangibility was incredibly costly.

"This is more like it" Ryan said while smiling in satisfaction.

Ryan's knowledge about those creatures was slowly increasing. He also was beginning to understand why he didn't find a single survivor in that area. Fighting those creatures was very risky, and unless someone has the right skills and control using certain abilities, winning against them was impossible.

Regardless, now that he knew what he should do, Ryan could proceed to the next phase: make magic weapons out of those freaks. They had awesome skills, and Ryan wanted them in his collection of crossbows.

"I also have to create rings and make them increase my recovery," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Intangibility probably isn't a skill I can get by sealing their souls in crossbows, but I won't rest until I get three new crossbows, and each one of them could drain health, mana, and stamina from my enemies."

"While that is good and all, you shouldn't forget that this dungeon might break at any moment," Femradiel warned. "Those creatures are too troublesome, and the bosses even I think that a single one of them might be too much for you."

Now that Ryan thought about it, why did the dungeon master didn't make the humans who joined their side cause some dungeon breaks? Those three in Japan used that opportunity, so that made Ryan wonder why that didn't happen yet

Before anything suspicious could happen, Ryan decided to focus on crafting the three magic weapons that he wanted. As expected, the specters didn't make Ryan's job easy for him, but he eventually completed his set.

Immortal's Crossbow (+ 06)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that will drain thirty points of your foes health and heal you.

Dexterity + 150, Intelligence + 60

Durability: 140/140

Spiritualist's Crossbow (+ 06)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that will drain thirty points of your foes mana and recover yours.

Dexterity + 150, Intelligence + 60

Durability: 140/140

Unstoppable Hunter's Crossbow (+ 06)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that will drain thirty points of your foes stamina and recover yours.

Dexterity + 150, Intelligence + 60

Durability: 140/140

"I guess even those have a limit" Ryan nodded to himself after he read the descriptions. "I need to level up Magic upgrade in order to strengthen those effects."

The next step would be to create magic rings and improve them as much as possible. Then Ryan would finally try to come up with a plan to clear the dungeon as fast as possible, but it looked like that wasn't going to be possible. While he was looking for his next targets, Ryan saw some weird figures leaving the dungeon. Unlike the specters that looked like ghosts covered in a dark cloak, those were walking and seemed pretty human.

After focusing his eyes in that direction, Ryan realized that they were indeed humans but something seemed off with them their eyes were all black, and they looked like they were unfocused. The hair of those humans was also completely dark, even though that tone seemed weird in them.

"Did they suffer some kind of metamorphosis?" Ryan frowned after asking.

Justin

Class: Swordsman Lv 65 / Brawler Lv 60 / Monk Lv 45 (--)

Race: Reaper

Rank: 155th

Health: 4510/4510

Mana: 5550/5550

Stamina: 7500/7500

Strength: 4150 (+ 500)

Dexterity: 2900

Speed: 1750 (+ 100)

Intelligence: 3750 (+ 200)

Endurance: 5000 (+ 800)

Control: 1200 (+ 200)

Mentality: 2550 (+ 400)

Luck: 3500 (+ 200)

Recovery: 12.500 (+ 750)

Willpower: 2500 (+ 300)

Coins: 00

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Drain Touch Lv 150, Spectral Absorption Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 120, Improved Strength Lv 120, Bronze Skin Lv 100

Spells: Health Steal Lv 170, Mana Steal Lv 170, Stamina Steal Lv 170, Soul Purification Lv 80,

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 150, Cold Resistance Lv 150, Shock Resistance Lv 150, Fatigue Resistance Lv 100, Spiritual Resistance Lv 100, Heat Resistance Lv 50

Ryan immediately used Appraisal and frowned even more. The skills, the new race that they had it was like the humans had been fused with the specters. Some of the specters indeed approached the humans, and they were also absorbed by them. Ryan confirmed by using Appraisal once again that their status and skills grew even more. His wish to kill them increased even more... traitors were the type of person Ryan hated the most.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1