Chapter 445: Dungeon Master'S System

Chapter 445: Dungeon Master's System

After finishing his preparations, using an underground route, Ryan moved toward the center of the area, and without wasting any more time, he used the domain stone.

Congratulations! You have successfully activated and registered your domain. You now have access to the dungeon master system. You can now access and upgrade the current features:

Area Lv 01: 1000 m2            Level UP cost: 100 coins or 1000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 01        Level UP cost: 500 coins or 5000 mana

Barrier Lv 01                      Level UP cost: 1000 coins or 10.000 mana

Army Lv 01                        Level UP cost: 5000 coins or 50.000 mana

Dungeon Lv 01 (T1)        Level UP cost:  10.000 coins or 100.000 mana

Coins stored: 00                Mana stored: 00

Ryan immediately made the Area of his domain level up several times. In an instant, it had five square miles and also covered the salamanders, giant ants, and the velociraptors' dungeon. The specters around the dungeon noticed that something changed and then tried to run away. However, Ryan accessed the Barrier's option and noticed that the barrier was OFF. He turned it ON, and the monsters failed to escape from it. Nothing could leave or enter his domain now, but when the specters attacked, Ryan saw his coins decreasing

"I guess my wallet is directly connected to this place" Ryan frowned. "Regardless, it is time to finish the preparations. Femradiel, I will leave those fuckers to you."

In just a few seconds, Femradiel covered the specters in ice and then froze them to death. Their numbers were low since the specters were basically invincible, even against some types of monsters that were two hundred levels above them. Regardless, when the monsters died, Ryan didn't receive a single coin, but the domain received some and even mana when the specters' bodies dissipated inside the barrier. That was interesting, and all, but Ryan paid no mind to it. He took hundreds of battle machines out of his storage dimension and positioned them in his domain but inside the barrier. They were going to be his second line of defense.

"It looks like the mana that you are recovering is being transferred to the domain since your mana is full," Femradiel said. "I am going to let that happen for a while and help with Zen since we don't know how the specters and those humans will proceed."

"Thanks," Ryan said while he was finishing positioning the battle machines.

"You should hurry and check the other options, they might be more useful than we thing," Femradiel added.

Although the battle machines had a recovery effect that they used to create their ammo, that recovery wasn't helping on the accumulation of mana to the domain. However, when Ryan summoned a golem and registered on his army, the monster's recovery helped.

"Interesting" Ryan smiled.

While that was interesting, everything has some limitations. At level one, Ryan's army could only register up to ten members. While he imagined that he could make the domain level up indefinitely, he would need a lot of resources to keep doing that. In any case, Ryan wanted to check the dungeon's option as soon as possible, but it would be insane to do that while he had a troublesome enemy in front of him. Besides, it was quite costly to level up those options. To make the area reach level ten, Ryan spent one million coins, and that was the cheapest option he could level up right now

In the end, Ryan spent almost ten million coins in a few seconds to make the barrier become more efficient and to increase the size of his army. He summoned several golems by using mana potions to help with the defense in all aspects of the domain, but in the end, the specters never returned to pick a fight

"I don't like this but I guess I can use this chance to increase the area of my domain," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"I just noticed this, but it looks like even though those three dungeons are inside your domain, they are kind like holes," Femradiel said. "Your barrier is useless against them."

"I expected as much In any case, I will allocate some golems to keep hunting them," Ryan nodded. "Anyway, you can focus on getting some mana again. By the way do you think you can use the mana stored on the domain?"

"Yes, since it is directly connected with you," Femradiel said. "But we should avoid that, you didn't forget that four dungeons appeared when Yahiko made his domain, did you? Many creatures will want your head now."

Ryan nodded again Femradiel was helpful even more lately. Since despite everything, Ryan tends to run wild and let the blood rush to his head, the presence of someone like Femradiel was beyond useful. She was an ice dragon, so keeping her head cool seemed like something easy to her

After a while, the sun began to set, and Ryan still couldn't see any signs of the specters it looked like they really retreated to their dungeon. While that was worrisome, it was a problem that Ryan eventually would solve. Once he levels up the area of his dungeon two more times, he will be able to see the dungeon from pretty close, but leveling up after that would make the dungeon enter his domain, and that wouldn't be wise.

Once he did that, Ryan had to make even more battle machines and allocate them appropriately. At the same time, he finally noticed that he had an imaginary mini-map and could see everything that was happening inside his domain. Weirdly enough, everything allocated by him had a blue point representing its existence in the mini-map, and Ryan could move those at the cost of some mana.

"Well I guess with this, I can move my troops in a pretty fast way," Ryan scratched his chin, slightly amused by his new powers. "Anyway, I need to understand this system and master it as fast as possible."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1