Chapter 447: Upset Stomach

Chapter 447: Upset Stomach

Ryan decided to level up Draconic Transformation for a bit. Since he wasn't planning to rely on that skill ever again, it wouldn't be a problem unless a similar situation happens. According to Alissa, if she were to use Ryan's body, she would be able to show a power that would be more or less twenty percent higher than she had ever been. It was thanks to Ryan's skills, status, and classes. Also, according to her, that skill probably could level up endlessly. So, it was by far the skill that had the most potential on Ryan's arsenal. At level one hundred, the skill would grant Ryan one hundred thousand points in health, mana, and stamina. Meanwhile, the other attributes would increase by ten thousand points.

"I wonder why the bonuses are like this" Ryan said. "Given your previous power, I assumed it would affect my build."

"The skill apparently was created to fit the balance that humans have," Femradiel explained. "In the end, only your basic status will define in which area you will exceed."

Ryan had previously imagined that Femradiel would make that skill level up here and there while he was unaware of it, but it really looked like she had become a real partner. Given Ryan's previous stubbornness in refusing to use that kind of power, she assumed that it would take quite a while to convince him. It was so surprising that she hesitated to ask him to make the skill level up by using her mana. Regardless, she only confirmed once more that Ryan's feelings for his parents were much stronger than his pride.

"I wonder if dragons can also put their pride aside to do something like that," Femradiel said, after hesitating for a few moments.

"To do what?" Ryan asked.

"To honor their ancestors, be they alive or dead," Femradiel replied.

"Don't get all sentimental on me," Ryan shrugged. "Well I am not sure; I think it depends if you think that my actions right now were unexpected and unreasonable. Even if you lost your memories, you should be able to find the answer that question easily."

While Femradiel thought that it was unexpected, she wasn't quite sure if it had been something unreasonable. Not even after thinking for a while did she found the answer. It was much more complicated than Ryan said it was

Regardless, while Ryan was trying to get used to that new body, he noticed several problems. Moving the wings was something pretty tricky since he never had wings. Aside from that, leveling up the skill wasn't as fast as he thought it would be it looked like the more useful a skill is, the harder it is to level up. However, some skills were much powerful than they should be all the ice-related skills caused much more damage than they should, and that would be very useful.

"When are you planning to attack?" Femradiel asked.

"Tomorrow at noon," Ryan replied. "Most likely, the dungeon break will happen in two days, so I can't level up this skill any more than that."

"If you don't mind, I would like some of your potions to train a certain skill," Femradiel said. "You are going to freeze them with an Ice Breath, right? I believe I may offer some assistance with that."

"Sure I guess I really need to practice a better poker face," Ryan said after sighing.

His plan was too simplistic no, Ryan's plans, in general, were too simplistic, but even so, he couldn't help but feel slightly annoyed when others could predict his actions. After giving thousands of potions to Femradiel by letting her have access to his storage dimension, Ryan decided to test a few things. He summoned his Magic Bow that was a replica of the Frozen Crossbow and then fired it in a rock. Not only was the rock completely destroyed by his attack, but it even created a pretty large crater on the ground. His status improved quite a bit thanks to Draconic Transformation and adding that to the elemental affinity of that body Ryan's ice attacks reached a whole new level of damage output.

"I barely saw the projectile moving I guess that is what happens when someone receives a sudden boost in status," Ryan nodded to himself. "Well, this type of skill can be trained later, let's focus on using Ice Breath."

Ryan also realized that he had forgotten about the dragon hearts the Teleport spell really messed with his rhythm, added to the severity of the current situation of Dallas. Regardless, that was a good chance in his dragon form, he could eat several of them, and so Ryan did it.

Your dexterity increased by twenty points.

Your mana increased by twenty points.

Your stamina increased by twenty points.

"Do you have a death wish?" Femradiel asked since Ryan's actions surprised her.

"No, I don't think that I have," Ryan completed after feeling a terrible stomach ache. "Oh, shit this is the worst stomach ache ever."

"What did you expect? You just ate probably one of the things that has most mana in the universe Dozens of them," Femradiel said. "Well, surprisingly enough, I didn't notice anything weird happening with your body. So, you should recover in a few hours humans' bodies are truly weird."

The feeling of power and lightness, his draconic form and the dragon hearts granted Ryan seemed so weak in comparison to that stomach ache not even Purification helped. Regardless, Ryan endured it since he needed to train his new fighting style in that form.

However, much to Ryan's surprise, the specters began to leave the dungeon at that very moment. For an instant, Ryan froze in shock since that didn't make any sense, but then he realized that his sudden power up probably alerted the monsters inside it.

"It looks like they somehow know that I have many more dragon hearts but they don't know about the side effects of eating too many," Ryan said and then used some INT potions. "It doesn't matter, while I lost the chance to deal the first strike, I still have my traps ready to be used."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1