Chapter 446: Level 01

Chapter 446: Level 01

After finishing his preparations for the fight, Ryan decided to see what he could do by using the Monster Book option in his dungeon master interface. While he only had one thousand golems in his army, and that wasn't nearly enough given the usual number of monsters he fights on a daily basis, Ryan wasn't planning to use them in battle. They were there for support

"It looks like I can summon monsters from the Monster Book at the cost of some mana or coins," Ryan said. "At level one I can summon slimes, goblins and giant bees."

"You should be careful with the creatures you summon, since it might be a waste of time and resources," Femradiel said. "I am pretty sure that to make use of your domain properly, humans have to be registered in the army."

Ryan recalled the bonuses that Alissa had mentioned before, while inside the domain, Ryan's allies received a boost in power. He finally noticed that his status doubled which was quite insane maybe that was why the specters weren't trying to fight.

In any case, Ryan leveled up the Monster Book a few times, and his options increased, but all the monsters he could summon were pretty much tier one small fries. He also could select a single species of monster from the book and make it spawn automatically once he creates his dungeon, but Ryan wouldn't do that since he wouldn't be able to change it later.

"I guess the plan of creating a dungeon will have to be put on hold until I obtain a summon decent enough for the job or until I find something interesting on the monster book," Ryan said. "While dungeons can be a good source of income, since it isn't something that can be changed often, I have to handle this carefully."

Ryan would immediately notice if something approaches or attacks the barrier, so he decided to clear the dungeons inside his domain in the meantime. The other dungeon master was preparing something, and since Ryan's preparations had already been done, the only thing he could actually do was to get stronger.

As expected, clearing those dungeons didn't make Ryan even broke a sweat. Since they were tier one dungeons and the monsters spawned couldn't even win against other monsters two hundred levels below them. Ryan got the classes: Mage, Cleric, and Wizard. Due to the fact that he already had the other classes, that would increase his dexterity. Thanks to Teleport, it looked Ryan's plans to become sturdier had been put on hold. As for the skills he got, they were: Fireball, Earth Wall, Wind Blade, Focus, Blessing, Prayer, Delay, Ice Prison, and Improved Intelligence. Aside from Focus and Improved Intelligence that were passive boots that increase Ryan's intelligence, he couldn't imagine the others being useful in combat. They were just that week.

"I thought I was going to stay on the defensive here, but I guess I will have to start this fight" Ryan said upon confirming that the specters still were hiding inside the dungeon.

"Most likely, they are waiting for the dungeon break," Femradiel said. "Based on what I discovered by reading Mark's mind, this dungeon appeared exactly four weeks ago. So, the dungeon break is only two or three days away. Even if that isn't the case, they might be waiting to ambush you inside the dungeon."

Ryan considered that, and he could confirm it by using Telekinesis and Force in any projectile. Using that combination, he would be able to create a drone that could show everything inside the dungeon. Ryan did that, and the very moment a steel spear appeared in front of the dungeon, he lost control over it after seeing dozens of specters inside, ready to ambush.

"They can steal the mana of everything their eyes can see" Ryan said and then sighed. "My range is greater, so I can use that to my advantage, but I will have to leave the domain."

"While you are an archer, you rely a lot on mana, this match up isn't in your favor," Femradiel said. "Perhaps waiting for a while and preparing some traps might be the best plan of action."

It was a reasonable plan given how much trouble the enemies this time were, but Ryan couldn't withstand let those fucking monsters alive for long. Not in the land where his parents grew up and had been buried. Still, ignoring Femradiel's opinions didn't seem wise either and because of that, Ryan was conflicted.

"Of course, there is always the third option," Femradiel said.

"Use Draconic Transformation and freeze everything" Ryan said and then sighed. "There is also the fourth option, forget about attack using mana and use Power of Money."

Ryan was pretty sure that those creatures would have some resistance against that kind of attack, but he doubted that they still could endure more than three of them. In any case, Ryan obviously reached another point where he had to choose between his pride and his wish to see that land free of monsters. In the end that hasn't been a difficult decision at all. Without hesitating, Ryan used the skill and instantly assumed Femradiel's previous form his draconic form was a bit different. Ryan's body was less light-blue and more dark-blue if compared to Femradiel's. He looked a bit like he had imagined a cursed dragon to be it was as if Ryan's dark thoughts had customized that appearance.

Class: Hunter Lv 93 (+ 03 UP / Elementalist Lv 60 (+ 02 UP) / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 75th

Health: 2215/2318 (5, 51/s)

Mana: 3375/4381 (5, 51/s)

Stamina: 3369/4372 (5,51/s)

Strength: 31 (+186) (+130) (+100)

Dexterity: 2900 (+2830) (+220)

Speed: 140 (+1260) (+48) (+100)

Intelligence: 81 (+751) (+33) (+100)

Endurance: 28 (+162) (+160) (+100)

Control: 06 (+1313) (+10) (+100)

Mentality: 08 (+79) (+70) (+100)

Luck: 140 (+20) (+100)

Recovery: 1200 (+1753) (+100) (+360)

Willpower: 30 (+71) (+40) (+100)

Coins: 12.778.952

Status: 10

"This is disappointing, I feel a bit stronger, but only slightly," Ryan said.

"What did you expect?" Femradiel asked. "The skill is at level one."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1