Chapter 448: Troublesome Foes

Chapter 448: Troublesome foes

Before using his traps, Ryan opened his mouth and used Ice Breath. However, the specters spread around, and only a few of them got hit, and those that got hit escaped for a while thanks to Intangibility. Suddenly, Femradiel assumed her Drake form and made lightning bolts fall from the sky. Some specters got hit by it since they didn't have time to react.

"Nice one" Ryan said.

"Don't get used to it, though," Femradiel said. "It cost a lot of mana to make the mana concentrated high in the sky, in a place where those creatures can't sense it. I was hoping to use it while inside the dungeon, the ice would freeze the ground and conduct the electricity."

Before Ryan could say anything, he noticed the mana of his Barrier was being consumed which was odd. The specters weren't attacking then Ryan realized what was going on.

"Aw, come on their Mana Steal even works against the Barrier," Ryan said after clicking his tongue.

"Equip the battle machines in your golems and make them move around while also firing Bullet Stones," Femradiel said. "They can't attack while they use Intangibility. They are bound to run out of mana."

"I know, I know," Ryan said and then began to move the battle machines and the golems around the barrier. "Shit and the other guys still are nowhere to be seen."

Ryan's eyes weren't moving away from the entrance of the dungeon. Even though it was pretty late, he still could see things perfectly. The vision wasn't the problem, but the hundreds of specters draining the mana from his Barrier. Suddenly, Ryan recalled something that happened many times while he was in Japan and decided to do that. After touching one of the battle machines, he teleported the object in the middle of a group of specters he really could teleport things while he is touching them, even without teleporting himself. The battle machine hit several specters, causing quite a lot of damage, and only was stopped several seconds later when one of the monsters finally noticed what was going on.

Ryan smirked and then grabbed several other battle machines before teleporting them to the entrance of the specters' dungeon. Dozens of monsters were still leaving the place, but they have slowed down considerably thanks to the might of Ryan's toys.

"We can use that" Femradiel said. "Pay attention to my signal."

While he didn't have any idea what Femradiel was plotting since he was too busy, Ryan decided to trust her. Femradiel deserved at least that much of a confidence vote. When Femradiel said "now," Ryan teleported her to the middle of a group of specters, and then she made all her mana explode. In the blink of an eye, all specters in a fifty meters radius froze and died. However, Femradiel had used all her mana, but Ryan quickly made her reenter the barrier using Telekinesis.

"Only that much, huh" Femradiel said, visibly disappointed. "I need to level up this body more"

While Ryan and Femradiel's attacks killed almost a hundred specters in a few seconds, the number of monsters was increasing despite everything, and the mana in the magic barrier was quickly being drained as well without any other choice, Ryan made his golems leave his domain and approach the specters that were attacking from a safe distance. While the speed at which the mana being drained decreased, the specters began to steal the golem's mana.

"I feel like I am running in circles" Ryan said and then sighed. "Let's see if I can solve this in a different way"

Ryan began to use the Explosive Poisonous Arrow, a skill that he never used before, so the damage caused would be ridiculous. However, the more he fired, the more a purple cloud of poison began to grow in size around the barrier even though the specters could dodge the attacks, Ryan could make the arrows explode where he wanted, and so he did it.

Much to Ryan's surprise, the specters were trying to avoid the poisonous mist. Even though they looked like ghosts, they weren't invulnerable to it However, soon those monsters began to steal the mana from the mist as well.

"This is getting old really quick," Ryan said, visibly annoyed.

Ryan managed to buy some time with his golems and battle machines, but only that he needed something else to win the fight.

"Well, since it has come down to this, might as well use the mana stored in a full offensive," Ryan said.

"Maybe you should reconsider," Femradiel said. "The humans who joined their sides didn't appear yet and they will be much more troublesome."

"I didn't forget them," Ryan said and then teleported to the outside of the barrier.

Once Ryan appeared in a place, they could actually damage him, the monsters stopped attacking the barrier and focused his skills on draining his health. However, Mind Armor protected him.

Before Ryan could run out of mana, he tried to replicate the skill Femradiel just used. The monsters noticed that their lives were in danger and decided to retreat. Ryan indeed made a massive concentration of mana explode, but unlike Femradiel's attack, he just made a cold mist spread around the area instantly. In just a few seconds, Ryan, the domain, all the dungeons, and the monsters were covered in the cold mist.

The monsters tried to escape, but then they hit a thin but durable wall of ice surrounding the mist. As if that wasn't troublesome enough for them, they noticed that the mist was shrinking. While the ice walls were forcing them to retreat, the specters tried to attack and absorb the mana around them, but they failed in breaking the wall since the mist was made of mana, and it was also blocking their field of vision.

The more the mist shrieked, the denser it became, and the more durable the walls became. In the end, Ryan used almost all the mana stored in his domain, but he created the perfect cage to lock and kill the specters.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1