Chapter 457: New Class

Chapter 457: New class

Fire Crystal Ring (+ 07)

Effect: Greatly increases the wearer's recovery and increases the power of their attacks by seven percent.

Recovery + 85

Durability: 64/64

Ryan couldn't help but grin from ear to ear after seeing his new rings and their effects. While he wasn't using many fire-based attacks as of late, maybe he should consider that from now on. In any case, while the number of Red Falcons was pretty big, they posed no threat to Ryan that had several skills that boosted the power of his ice attacks. The swarm of monsters tried to decimate him, but after a few minutes, they gave up entirely and began to run away from the area.

I can't see any boss, so it has been a while since this dungeon broke," Ryan nodded to himself. "Well, not like the bosses would be that much better than the mobs after they lost their positions in the dungeon."

In the end, Ryan headed to the dungeon that was at the center of a mountain and proceeded to beat the crap out of some Red Falcons before taming them. Since he couldn't think of many dungeons where fire monsters would be highly effective, Ryan only tamed five of them. Training them would be hard since most of their skills already were at a high level, after all.

"Their recovery is high, so maybe I should tame a few others and let them join the army in my domain," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. " No, I can't tame an infinite number of monsters and I should use all of those that I can to become dungeon masters. At least until I obtain some more summoning skills or knowledge about dungeon in which I can obtain more taming-related skills."

Since Ryan was already there, not clearing the dungeon would be a waste. In the end, the boss didn't put up much of a fight. He was just an oversized version of the Red Falcons, after all. As for the class he picked Gunslinger.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Gunmanship.

Effect: It passively increases your damage when using firearms by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Gun.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a Magic Gun or a copy of a firearm that you have previously used, the number of weapons that can be summoned increased by one for every ten levels of this skill.

Cost: 30 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Improved Luck.

Effect: It passively increases your luck by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Those certainly aren't the best skills I have gotten so far, but they are not that bad, I guess," Ryan shrugged. "It is a pity that I only used that hand cannon so far, though."

After summoning some golems and putting some battle machines around the dungeon to keep the Red Falcons population under control, Ryan returned to his domain. Only to see that Femradiel had already made a mess out of the things.

"What the hell is that?" Ryan asked.

"A tower for defense purposes," Femradiel said.

Femradiel's tower was basically a group of golems, one standing above the other, and each golem had a battle machine on its shoulders. Ryan realized that he didn't have monsters that could protect the upper layer of the barrier, and while those "towers" could do that, it looked extremely silly from his perspective.

" Whatever, I suppose I can let you do what you want for the time being," Ryan said. "It will be interesting to see your crazy idea fail miserably."

"Thank you as always for the vote of confidence," Femradiel said, visibly annoyed.

Ryan noticed that his domain increased a few times since the time he left even though only a couple of hours had passed. Now that he thought about it, perhaps he should have created his domain in a place closer to the center of the country. It would take a long while for that to happen, but he truly wanted to cover the whole country with his domain. While Alissa said that she should user her domain stone as well, she was too unpredictable. Besides, he didn't know if two domains could continue to expand if they block each other's path. Ryan thought that he would have to endure many things with the world in this situation, but not land management

"Anyway, I was messing with the monster book and I unlocked the Frozen Slimes," Femradiel said. "They are more or less like me, sturdy but powerful at long ranged attacks. Even better, they can be summoned by tier one dungeons."

"Are they really that useful?" Ryan asked and then opened the monster's book option.

Frozen Slime Lv 01

Health: 300/300

Mana: 300/300

Stamina: 300/300

Strength: 60

Dexterity: 60

Speed: 60

Intelligence: 60

Endurance: 60

Control: 60

Mentality: 60

Luck: 60

Recovery: 60

Willpower: 60

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Freezing Touch Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells: Frozen Arrow Lv 10, Frozen Bullet Lv 10, Ice Wall Lv 10, Frozen Explosion Lv 10

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 20, Freeze Resistance Lv 20

"Their most useful skill is Frozen Explosion, when their health reaches dangerous levels, they can use all their mana to freeze and cause damage to anything around them," Femradiel replied. "That will create an environment compatible for ice monsters and thus their power will increase faster than usual. Against stupid foes, the self-destruct skill will at the very least grant a kill for our side, even if the frozen slime dies as well."

"I guess you have no right to call me nasty," Ryan said while nodding.

While it would take a while, a cold environment will also help Ryan and Femradiel in the long run. Although he wanted to be torn on his enemies' back as soon as possible, Ryan needed to be patient. Tier one monsters won't bother them all that much. He had to focus on speed and make his dungeon reach tier three as fast as possible.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1