Chapter 453: New Class

Chapter 453: New class

If Thanatos was planning to annoy Ryan by watching all his memories, he accomplished pretty soon. Ryan's blood was boiling, and he barely could think straight when the speed of that memory reading slowed down on the day the monsters appeared. Once Ryan relived that memory where the dragons appeared, the dream ended, and he saw himself back in the dungeon.

"I see, I have found those that will kill you," Thanatos said. "Being killed by their hands will be something that will make you taste true despair that is the perfect punishment for getting on my way."

"Asshole show yourself, I will fucking kill you!" Ryan roared.

"If you really want it, then use the purple crystal and come to my domain," Thanatos said.

"Come here, bastard, aren't you a god?" Ryan asked. "Come here and show me what the god of cowardice can do."

"I will be waiting expectantly" Thanatos said, and then a hit of a smile appeared in the face of the big specter.

You obtained 5.325.638 coins.

"Damn you! Damn that fucking bastard" Ryan bit his lips in annoyance, only stopped when a lot of blood began to fill his mouth.

"I don't know what he did to you, but you should calm down first," Femradiel said. "Whatever he did, had the sole purpose of taunting you."

Ryan knew that but even so, he couldn't think straight after the bastard saw all his memories of the previous months. Not only that, Thanatos's words were bothering Ryan quite a bit who was he planning to use to kill Ryan on Earth? Despite being the god of death, he wouldn't dare to face Ryan on Earth. Ryan thought that he was afraid of death despite the irony, but there was a big change that he was getting carried away, and Thanatos only wanted to play with him.

"What did he do?" Femradiel asked.

" He saw all my memories of the last six months," Ryan replied.

"In just a single instant?" Femradiel asked, visibly surprised. "Those mythological creatures from your world are something else"

"A few minutes passed while I was in that state" Ryan frowned. "Either his skills are so good that can be that efficient, or he can control time."

"That is certainly a power that only god-like beings can have," Femradiel nodded. "Regardless, you defeated him more or less and put a stop on his plans at least in this location. So, don't feel too bad about his words, they were the words of a loser, after all."

Ryan sighed. While it was weird that Femradiel was trying to comfort him, in the end, it worked. While he probably won't forget Thanatos's words, and they will haunt him for quite a while, Ryan wasn't hot-blooded enough to fall for the obvious taunt, even if there was some truth in it he wouldn't accomplish anything by dying.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Chaotic Warrior, Tamer, and Archmage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

It has been a long while since Ryan found any class related to the power of taming monsters and other creatures. So, he couldn't help but frown since that class, in name at least, looked weaker if compared to Beastmaster Regardless, he still chose that.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Tamer!

You obtained the following skills: Beasts' Ally, Animalistic Link, and Animalistic Transference.

Your stamina and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Beasts' Ally.

Effect: It increases the number of tamed creatures under your control by two for every five levels of this skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Animalistic Link.

Effect: It grants you the power to communicate with all your tamed creatures no matter the distance between you and them.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Animalistic Transference.

Effect: It grants you the power to transfer your spirit to one of your tamed monsters for a certain period of time. You will be able to use your skills and your tamed monster's skills while this skill is active.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status point.

"If you ask me, the Archmage class seemed way more useful," Femradiel said. "But I guess you are what they call an animal lover."

"Just shut up, Femradiel" Ryan said and then sighed. "Summoning skills are hard to find and their cost of mana is insane, in the end, the best option is to create an army of tamed monsters and use them as the core of any strategy to defend the domain. Thankfully, this class granted me several more slots of tamed monsters."

"What about the dungeon that you can have under your control?" Femradiel asked.

"I was thinking about just using to make a weak, but a monster that could level up fast," Ryan replied. "That way, I will obtain more coins and perhaps lure some idiots to my domain."

"You are really nasty" Femradiel said.

"Like I care," Ryan said. "I will do anything necessary to obtain the power to kill all the fuckers who are trying to dominate Earth."

"If that is the case, then perhaps you should try to use those tamed monsters and obtain control over the domains of other worlds, you have too many enemies and it is time to decrease them before all of them come to this planet and try to crush you," Femradiel said. "If something like that happens, not even by using Draconic Transformation and Power of Money at the same time will be enough to save your skin."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1