Chapter 450: Semi-Immortality

Chapter 450: Semi-immortality

The reapers tried to drain Ryan's mana, but he summoned Magic Bows and fired frozen bolts towards them before they could do it. Those idiots underestimated the power of Ryan's attacks and tried to destroy the projectiles with Mana Steal. Still, in the end, they decreased the power of the attacks to a certain extent, and when they got hit by it, their bodies exploded.

"Wait, what?" Ryan frowned in surprise. "I knew that Draconic Transformation and added with Femradiel's elemental affinity had increased the power of my frozen bolts, but those guys were supposed to be sturdier than that."

However, before Ryan could find an explanation, the bodies of the reapers began to reassemble as if they were sort of more complex slimes. Even the blood was returning to their bodies at a fearsome speed it looked like they weren't exaggerating when they said that Thanatos granted them immortality.

Ryan tried to freeze the bodies before they could heal completely, but much to his surprise, the ice he used to cover their bodies was completely absorbed that was a power that they didn't have even when they were conscious so how

"Thanatos is interfering? Or did he give them such a convenient power that only worked when they were in that state?" Ryan frowned.

In any case, there wasn't much of what Ryan could do in that situation. While their health decreased to zero, he didn't feel like he could use Seal and prevent that kind of ability truth to be told, Ryan had no idea how to finish the reapers off. So, he decided to buy Femradiel sometime by flying upward.

Just as Ryan had expected, they flew toward him when their bodies were completely repaired. They really want his power as dungeon master from Earth while that was something predictable, it was very weird that they could chase him so fearlessly. Didn't they notice that Ryan just killed them in a single instant?

Since Femradiel was busy planning her next attack, Ryan couldn't wait for her support since she was too focused on creating the perfect trap. In the end, Ryan flew so high in the sky that he could even feel his speed decreasing since he was almost leaving the atmosphere. It wasn't the best place to fight, but at the very least, the reapers won't notice Femradiel.

When the reapers finally were close enough, Ryan flew toward them with his mouth open and while using Ice Breath. The scope of his attack made the monsters lose sight of him. They spread around in order to escape the attack and because getting in a single place would be only advantageous for Ryan.

"Despite their weird actions, they still can see the best ways to solve some simple situations," Ryan muttered.

Before the reapers could use Mana Steal, Ryan used Teleport and reappeared behind them. Before the poor idiot could notice anything, Ryan grabbed him and immediately tried to freeze him with Ice Breath. The reaper instantly became a statue of ice, but Ryan didn't receive any notification, and when he used Seal, the skill failed things won't be easy, it seems.

Ryan was forced to let the creature go when the other reapers began to steal his mana. Once again, he escaped from their sight by using Teleport. Since Ryan moved toward even higher than before, he was starting to have a hard time breathing, and he was beginning to feel his body getting lighter

"I am about to reach outer space, huh" Ryan muttered. "Let's see if I can use this"

Ryan began to teleport around to escape the Reaper attacks. Once they got relaxed enough to think that Ryan wouldn't repeat old strategies, Ryan did the exact same thing. He reappeared behind a reaper, grabbed him, and then used Ice Breath. After the creature turned into an ice statue, Ryan teleported it to outer space.

"Aw, come on" Ryan said and then sighed. "Not even this can kill them?"

Ryan could see the ice status moving around in outer space in the distance, but he didn't receive any notification. The system didn't recognize his enemy as dead yet moreover, some of the reapers retrieved the body of their friends using Telekinesis, and the bastard was back to the fight as if nothing had happened.

In the end, it looked like a direct fight was the worst possible way to deal with those creatures they were servants of the so-called god of death, after all. While Ryan was pretty sure, there couldn't exist a skill called Death Immunity. They probably had something similar Ryan teleported back to his domain in a single instant, only to see that Femradiel wasn't ready yet.

"Nothing works, huh," Femradiel said. "I warned you that the enemies this time would be a huge pain in the ass."

"Complaining won't help solve the situation," Ryan said.

"I hate to say this, but I don't have the knowledge on how to solve this situation the way you want," Femradiel said. "Give up on trying to turn them into magic weapons. Maybe I had the knowledge on how to defeat enemies as troublesome as those, but I don't have it anymore. We have only one real option here"

"Freeze them together and keep them sealed inside the domain forever, huh" Ryan said and then sighed.

In the end, Ryan accepted quite easily that was the only way to solve the situation The dungeon master this time was another mythological creature, but a few tiers above other monsters such as Cerberus and Fenrir, so it couldn't be helped that his minions would be that annoying.

"It is time to get in the way of another big shot, huh," Ryan said while looking upward and seeing the reapers approaching. "Let's hurry up, Femradiel. This job is getting more annoying by the minute."

After saying that, Ryan used several potions to increase several of his statuses because to succeed in the only plan that they had wouldn't be that simple either

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1