Chapter 458: Spartan Training

Chapter 458: Spartan Training

"Let's use them," Ryan declared.

Since they were at the very least six times more powerful than the regular slimes, Ryan also had to pay six times more coins to summon them. He also imagined that the more they level up, it will be more expensive to summon frozen slimes, but Ryan couldn't believe that such a dungeon won't increase his income of coins after a while. After all, the monsters that the slimes defeat will grant him extra coins.

Regardless, while Ryan was waiting for the dungeon to spawn and his crystal also show itself, he began to train his Red Falcons. It seemed a bit cruel, but he was forced to make those monsters resistant to petrification and curses since they didn't have those skills. His several crossbows helped a lot with that.

"I guess you guys will also need a few spells to train themselves while you guard other domains," Ryan scratched the back of his head.

Ryan made his new pets train hard until six in the morning of the next day, and then suddenly, his crystal appeared, and his first dungeon was created. Ryan got quite excited since he could also see the interior of his dungeon. He had selected a planet called Lemony, which was a place that conveniently had many fire slimes. However, before he could see how things would proceed for his Frozen Slimes, his domain began to tremble.

"Ah the dungeon breaks," Ryan said. "This is the sixth time"

"It isn't only that" Femradiel said. "Some dungeons appeared around here."

"Three?" Ryan asked, surprised. "I didn't think that many would show up"

Hopefully, Ryan's enemies wouldn't have noticed what he was planning. As usual, he wanted to cause a massive blow and caught them when their pants were down Ryan looked in the distance, but he couldn't see the dungeons. They were at least ten kilometers away from his domain, and Ryan didn't have enough coins stored to increase the area and still have some left for the barrier.

"You should relax a little bit," Femradiel said. "The dungeons just appeared and if they really are aiming for you, not a single monster will leave for a while."

"I guess we should strike them back before they build their forces," Ryan said.

"I don't think that is a good idea," Femradiel shook her head. "While it is risky, in the long run, it will be more beneficial to you if they build their strength. Yahiko managed to fend his enemies off after he succeeded in defending his domain from four tier three types of monsters. If you win against them in this situation, others will notice and leave you alone for a while. With seven dungeons so close to your domain, you will have a lot of time and resources to build this place up."

Ryan rubbed his chin it was really a risky plan, but if they managed to pull that off, having seven dungeons inside their domain would be beyond amazing. Not only will the domain increase, but Ryan and his army won't have a shortage of foes to fight defeat.

"Well, let's do that," Ryan said. "Just to be safe, you should hurry up in creating the new familiar, Femradiel. We might need two of you in the battlefield if things go wrong with this choice of ours."

"All right then," Femradiel said. "I will be off for the next twenty-four hours. Don't bother be if you want that to be delayed."

Ryan just realized that creating familiars by relying on Femradiel seemed like much a better way to deal with the dungeon master's crystals in the other worlds. The problem was that she needed too much mana. Ryan also realized that he could have accessed the monster's system when he was using the Steel Eagle body, but he forgot about it.

"So many things to do so little time," Ryan said. "Well let's start with something that I can't forget: gathering intel."

Since he had plenty of golems to spare, Ryan sent three of them toward the new dungeons. It was a bit scary to sacrifice those while he uses Animalistic Transference, but he didn't have any other choice. Leaving his domain at that moment when Femradiel was busy was too risky.

When the first golem approached the nearest dungeon, Ryan used Animalistic Transference. However, he didn't find anything while looking at the entrance as expected. Things won't be that easy.

Ryan used Animalistic Transferred on the other golems, and he only confirmed the same thing. However, he did notice something else that the dungeons had in common the interior was pretty dark and eerie. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan could see some sort of miasma being emanated from the walls, ceiling, and ground. Before Ryan could even think about the new types of enemies he was going to face, he received a call from the telepathic link created by Gustavo, and weirdly enough, everyone already was connected to it.

"Let me guess, something happened," Ryan said.

"Oh, boy so you noticed something odd, too?" Gustavo asked.

"I just confirmed the arrival of some new dungeons in my country," Alissa said. "Some creatures called doppelgangers are starting to spawn here."

"Something similar happened here, but the monsters in question are some skeletons riding other skeletons," Lucas said. "Mammoth skeletons"

"It looks like something big is starting to happen I was going to ask for your help, but it looks like everyone will be busy handling their own situations," Gustavo sighed and then said. "Where you are and what is happening on the region you are, Ryan?"

"Well, from where should I start I just managed to clear the dungeon of a guy who called himself Thanatos and three dungeons appeared next my domain," Ryan replied. "I guess some assholes are targeting my to take over my domain."

"That is bad, it is really bad" Gustavo said and then sighed. "I obtained one domain stone, but I decided not to use because I was afraid of that possibility. If things get dire on your end, you should tell us, Ryan. We can't afford to let the monsters have such a base on our planet."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1