Chapter 456: Falcons

Chapter 456: Falcons

Ryan made a mental note to add to his daily routine the act of checking things with his Steel Eagle. Aside from that, the only thing he does on a daily basis was to check things with Zoe and Arthur.

The first step of his plans had been taken, but Ryan now has to look for some decent beasts to tame. However, before he could think of a proper answer, he heard a familiar voice echoing in his head.

"Well, well it has been a while," Alissa said using the telepathic link. "How are you doing, Ryan?"

"The same as ever, please don't say that you just called to ask that," Ryan replied.

"Nah, I just returned from a training camp and I heard that you were back," Alissa said. "However, when I searched for your presence, I didn't find it, so I thought you had tried to chew more than you could bite. I am just checking things, hoping for my chance to adopt Arthur once and for all."

"If you really wanted to do that, you would have already done it," Ryan said. "You only didn't do it because you are smart enough that your position in the front lines will endanger Arthur."

"... Enough talking about me, let's talk about you," Alissa said. "What are you doing in another world again?"

"We just started talking about you and why do you ask as if I have to give you any explanation about my actions?" Ryan asked after sighing. "Well, no matter, you might actually become useful for a change."

In the end, Ryan explained to Alissa about his plans. Since he has been making enemies left and right as of late, it was time to find some ways to speed up his growth while making sure that the number of enemies would keep increasing at singularity's speed.

"So, you can make tamed monsters become dungeon masters and now you have the skills to control them remotely," Alissa said. "Orgar seems pretty impressed here. So, you want to know about monsters that can become useful tamed beasts? I would recommend the Red Falcons; they are pretty good ranged fighters and their mobility is impressive as well. You would be able to fight while using their bodies just fine, the only real problem is that they aren't that sturdy, but you are quite squishy yourself, so that is fine."

"... Where can I find them?" Ryan asked, slightly annoyed.

"If you ask nicely, I perhaps might answer," Alissa said, and Ryan could easily imagine her smirking.

"I guess I was expecting too much from you" Ryan sighed.

"You are as boring as ever," Alissa said. "You can find their dungeon South of Kansas City. Their dungeon has been left alone for a few weeks since they are flying enemies and Mark doesn't have enough personnel to guard all the dungeons."

"What are you doing letting such a dungeon unguarded?" Ryan asked.

"It is just a tier two dungeon, so it is fine, besides I can't imagine a troublesome dungeon master on the other side," Alissa shrugged. "My guys and I are hunting the monsters in Canada; their numbers are starting to become a problem that I can't overlook. Anyway, I guess I will use my domain stone as well. It looks like around these parts, only you and me can do what has to be done."

After saying that, Alissa ended the call. Despite everything, it didn't look like Alissa was fooling around. In her own way, she was working hard and had grown enough to consider copying Ryan's actions.

"... It looks like Alissa might deserve my trust in the near future, while our modus operandi are completely opposite, I can't deny her power and accomplishments," Ryan nodded to himself. "Anyway, it is time to tame other birds."

Ryan began to Teleport in a quick succession since he had never been in Kansas City before. Although he had to stop a few times to use potions, in no time, he reached his destination.

Red Falcon Lv 300

Health: 10.000/10.000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 25.000/25.000

Strength: 1500 (+ 100)

Dexterity: 2500 (+ 300)

Speed: 2500 (+ 200)

Intelligence: 2500 (+ 200)

Endurance: 1000

Control: 3000 (+ 300)

Mentality: 2000 (+ 250)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 5000 (+ 500)

Willpower: 2000 (+ 150)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Fire Charge Lv 250, Explosive Touch Lv 200, Steel Claws Lv 200, Red Missile Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Speed Lv 200, Improved Concentration Lv 200, Improved Intelligence Lv 200

Spells: Explosive Fire Arrow Lv 180, Fly Lv 200, Fire Tornado Lv 200, Explosive Arrow Lv 150

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 300, Wind Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 150, Cold Resistance Lv 100, Freeze Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 150

"I guess they indeed will be useful for guarding domains, but not for crafting magic weapons," Ryan nodded to himself after using Appraisal. "Ah, that's right I need to make some magic rings, with those numbers, I should be able to make and upgrade a lot of them."

Ryan had no idea what would make a ring more efficient in terms of status, so he transformed dirt into all kinds of materials. Gold, titanium, silver while the rarity played a important part in it, Ryan learned that the time he spent crafting each ring also improved its quality. So, only after creating a set of ten crystal rings, he decided to hunt the red Falcons and use their souls.

Crystal Ring

Effect: Greatly increases the wearer's recovery.

Recovery + 50

Durability: 50/50

"It turned better than I expected," Ryan smiled in satisfaction. "If I keep improving, I will be able to make better items and if I also improve my patience, someday I will forge one heck of a magic ring well then, I guess it is time for the hunt."

It was time to do some grinding with non-combat skill, while that would take some time for Ryan to achieve, it was something necessary to do.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1