Chapter 454: Again

Chapter 454: Again

Ryan had considered that, and that was why he picked the Tamer class. Fortunately, he got lucky and obtained the skills that would help him in the task of obtaining control of several other domains. The only real issue was that in the end, he could only have so many tamed monsters. So, he wouldn't even be able to obtain control over all dungeons in the country.

"We need to select the right ones because humans still need to become stronger," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "While there will always be some dungeons that I won't be able to obtain control, only those can't be used to increase our strength."

Furball was a partner that Ryan couldn't let go of, so he wasn't going to use him for that. The first obvious candidate would be the steel eagle. While the creature could help Ryan save some mana, that skill wasn't that necessary now that Ryan could use Teleport.

"I bet I can use Fly and make my melee combat style more powerful, but that isn't something that I need to worry about now," Ryan said and then faced the steel eagle. "In any case, you are going to be my first employee in my enterprise. It will be called Ryan Corp. Our goal is to get stronger while preventing Earth from falling on the hands of assholes."

That was very well and good, but Ryan wasn't confident that the steel eagle had enough power to defend the crystal of a dungeon master. The crystal that once belonged to that giant slime has some dungeons connected to several worlds, and that was an income Ryan couldn't ignore, and to secure the income, the steel eagle needed more power.

"I guess it is time for some Spartan training," Ryan said.

After checking the skills of the Steel Eagle, Ryan discovered that the creature was weak against fire, ice, and electricity. So, he trained the beast by using powerful elemental attacks in a single instant and then casting Heal. Maybe Femradiel was correct when she said Ryan probably was an animal lover. Even though the pain caused by him only lasted for a moment, he still felt pretty bad about it. In the end, Ryan gave up after a couple of minutes, he could withstand the freezing humans who joined the monsters' side, but he couldn't bring himself to torment like that those who helped him.

"... Let's just buy some tomes of those elements and make you train the resistances and those spells at the same time," Ryan said and then bought some cheap spells for the Steel Eagle. "I suppose the Wind Armor will also help you."

"Who could have thought that a cheapskate like you would spend so many coins because of such a thing" Femradiel said.

"This is an investment, I bet I can recover the coins by putting the eagle to guard that crystal in the slimes' world in a single day," Ryan justified himself. "Now that I think about it, she will level up Cold Resistance and Heat Resistance by herself in that desert."

"If you say so, in any case, what is the next step?" Femradiel asked. " Tame many powerful monsters and then make them guard the Crystals of the dungeon masters you even didn't defeat yet?"

"For the time being, you will guard the domain and keep increasing its area while I will look for some monsters to train at the same time," Ryan replied. "We will save some time that way."

"What about the monster book?" Femradiel asked. "While it is good and all that you will obtain the rewards of other dungeons, we don't know if you will be able to create new ones with them. You need to create your dungeon and then attack other worlds where your enemies live. Attacking then from the front and the back certainly will be effective."

"... Do you think that by crossing my dungeon, my enemies will be able to show their true powers in this world?" Ryan asked.

"Honestly, I am not sure," Femradiel replied. "Maybe we should do some tests before bothering the big shots."

"Yeah anyway, I plan to return as fast as possible, but you are free to level up the area and the monster book," Ryan said. "Maybe the army will also be a good choice, I will increase the number of golems eventually."

Using Teleport, Ryan and the Steel Eagle reached the slimes dungeon in the blink of an eye. Inside the dungeon, they had to walk, but once they used the purple crystal, they used Teleport again and moved toward the place where the crystal was. Since Ryan had already been there, he didn't have to look for it. However, much to his surprise, a new gigantic slime was guarding the dungeon master crystal.

"What the hell" Ryan muttered in shock.

Slime (Dungeon Master)

Health: 250.000/250.000

Mana: 250.000/250.000

Stamina: 250.000/250.000

Strength: 12.000 (+ 400)

Dexterity: 2400

Speed: 1.200 (+ 400)

Intelligence: 24.000 (+ 1400)

Endurance: 18.000 (+ 1500)

Control: 12.000 (+ 2400)

Mentality: 12.000 (+ 1100)

Luck: 6000

Recovery: 60.000 (+ 4400)

Willpower: 12.000 (+ 1200)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Corrosive Touch Lv 480

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 300, Active Spiritual Recovery Lv 290

Spells: Summon Slime Lv 650, Summon Fire Slime Lv 200, Summon Ice Slime Lv 200

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 600, Cold Resistance Lv 600, Electric Resistance Lv 600, Poison Resistance Lv 600, Earth Resistance Lv 600,

That didn't make any sense all the slimes in that world should have exploded when Ryan killed the dungeon master After thinking for a while, Ryan began to wonder how come slimes were born if they were creatures that just suddenly appear in that world, it would make sense that a new one would appear and take the place of the old one, but from his perspective, that happened way too fast. In any case, now Ryan was more or less certain that his Steel Eagle won't die of hunger in that world.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1