Chapter 455: Five Worlds

Chapter 455: Five worlds

Thousands of slimes like the other didn't surround the new dungeon master, so Ryan was confident that the fight wouldn't last long. That was an excellent opportunity, so he made the Steel Eagle attack the monster from hundreds of meters high in the sky, while Ryan stayed on ground level and bombarded the monster with his Magic Bows that could steal mana.

The fights against the reapers and specters had been annoying, but Ryan learned a lot. When the dungeon master fired fire or ice slimes, he destroyed them all just by relying on the effect of the bolts. While that effect apparently didn't add any power to Ryan's attack, his bolts still pierced the body of the monster pretty deep, thanks to it.

You obtained 2.438.983 coins.

In the end, Ryan frowned since the fight ended in just a few seconds he had improved his fighting style considerably since the last fight, but he didn't think it had been that much. Regardless, even though it was a dungeon master, it was a slime as well. So, Ryan didn't think much of it.

Since giving complex orders would take too much time, Ryan just decided to use Animalistic Transference and obtained control over the Steel Eagle's body. Much to his surprise, when he touched the crystal, Ryan received the following notification.

Congratulations! You have defeated the previous dungeon master of this crystal and obtained the rights over it. Do you wish to make your Steel Eagle become a resident of the planet STRS332 in order to become the new dungeon master? Y/N?

"So, the system can even see me trying to cheat, huh," Ryan frowned slightly upon finding that. "Well, at least isn't trying to screw with me."

Ryan accepted the offer, and then he obtained control over the domain of that planet. However, aside from the dungeon level that was a tier three granting three dungeons to Ryan, everything else was at level one. Based on what Ryan knew, he assumed that the tigers of the dungeons could increase once they reached the max level. While it was weird that slimes could accomplish that, he understood why when he tried to check the dungeons.

Dungeon 01 - Lv 001 - planet: Edertia.

Edertia: a world dominated by insects and bugs that never gave birth to any sapient species. It joined the mana system 57 years ago when a mutant insect developed the power to wield mana.

Dungeon 02 - Lv 001 - planet: Seregald.

Seregald: a world inhabited by many tribes of orcs that are constantly in war against each other. It joined the mana system 33 years ago when some orcs developed their first spells.

Dungeon 03 - Lv 001 - planet: Earth.

Earth: a world inhabited by a weak species called humans. It joined the system when dragons were summoned to that world six months ago.

Dungeon 04

Dungeon 05

Ryan frowned when he saw the information about Earth in other worlds, dungeons began to appear by accident, but the same thing didn't happen on Earth. The dragons were summoned there Moreover, the growth speed of dungeons there was stupidly faster compared to other worlds.

"It looks like this whole event wasn't an accident, after all," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "... Regardless, the first dungeon suffered two resets after reaching the max level two times and that granted the dungeon master the chance to create two other dungeons. By the look of things, the slimes were purely acting by instinct. That was why they never used the remaining slots."

The change in the species of the dungeon master also forced a reset of the level of the dungeons, but that was just a minor nuisance. Ryan was already obtaining the coins he was supposed to obtain, after all.

Ryan selected one of the available slots of the dungeons and then saw a near endless list of worlds in which he could create new ones. However, even if he chooses to make one now, they will only spawn the next day. Apparently, dungeons can only appear on the day where all the others can break.

Some of those worlds had dungeon masters. Some even had dozens of them. Although dozens of thousands of planets were part of the mana system, it didn't take long for Ryan to find some that he would target in the future. He couldn't see the name of the dungeon masters, but he could see the dominant species. The world of demons, reapers, dire wolves, reptilians and others that were on his list.

"I am going to leave things easy for you for the time being, but you shouldn't get used to it," Ryan said to the Steel Eagle. "You will need to train hard every day because eventually, I will need your help to annoy some assholes."

Ryan created a dungeon in a world where all the monsters were basically ghosts possessing weird sets of armor. With her skills, the Steel Eagle will be able to kill those enemies if they come to this planet. There were other easier options, but since she was pretty much free from the other worlds, his pet would need to stay cautious of at least one type of enemy.

After a while, Ryan noticed that the dungeons had a gauge below their levels. When the gauge was full, Ryan could make it level up and increase the strength of all the monsters on the said planet.

"So, it is like that" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "In any case, I guess I will make slimes spawn in that world, just ordinary ones."

Since Ryan was going to use the income of that domain to strengthen his own, he decided to play it safe. The Steel Eagle couldn't summon anything, so Ryan had to make use of the monster book. Each slime would cost 25 coins to be spawned, and the boss would cost five hundred that was weird. Ryan was fairly certain that the first boss he killed only gave him fifty coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1