Chapter 462: Interference

Chapter 462: Interference

Ryan and Femradiel were one hundred percent sure that the dungeon masters were participating indirectly in that fight. It was hard to understand how they could control so many monsters at the same time like that, but Ryan had a weaker version of the spell that they were using to do that. It was Animalistic Transference.

"I am pretty sure that the dungeon masters are using a skill much more advanced than that," Femradiel said. "The brain of all living things has limits, you can give commands to all of your golems, but they can only follow at the same pace to a certain extent. Maybe it is illusion magic."

"In the end, it doesn't matter how the dungeon masters are interfering," Ryan said. "We probably can't cut their link between them and the monsters and there is also the fact that they are getting stronger the more they fight us. So, we need to be fast, precise, and destructive."

"So" Femradiel said.

"I won't use Draconic Transformation," Ryan said. "If I rely on that every time something troublesome happens, I will never obtain true strength."

"You always have to make everything more complicated," Femradiel shrugged.

"We put some restrictions on ourselves, we can become stronger faster," Ryan said. "Or do you really need to use all of your power to defeat small fries such as them."

"Don't try to appeal to my pride," Femradiel said. "Did you forget that you destroyed it?"

"I believe most things can be recovered or repaired," Ryan replied. "You should try to recover your pride, or at least a small portion of it in this fight."

Femradiel recognized that Ryan wasn't just saying empty words. He truly meant that. While it was only natural that it would make her try harder, the same thing could be applied for Ryan. His pride was quite damaged since he got his ass kicked several times in the last six months. In some battles, he only survived due to extremely useful skills such as Power of Money.

Despite the severity of the situation, Ryan caught himself smiling. His worries more or less had disappeared because that was a chance like no other. Beating his foes with brute strength was fun. Overpowering them was quite satisfying as well, but nothing could be compared to what Ryan could do right now defeat his enemies at their own game. Thanks to his domain, Ryan will have to defeat his foes by relying on his brawn and brain from that point onward.

"What is the next step?" Femradiel asked.

"Annoy the hell out of our enemies," Ryan said. "If they think by working together and relying on strategy, they can defeat us, they are dead wrong."

"What should I do?" Femradiel asked.

"Just focus on strengthening your familiar forms," Ryan said while he was gathering the iron ores that the monsters slain by his golems dropped. "My elemental enchantments are kind of weak, but if you can buff those bad boys with your magic, you can do that."

"I think it is pretty early for you to rely on tricks," Femradiel frowned.

"I told you before, we must make them worry about what we are going to do next," Ryan said. "Once that happens, they will start to get nervous and make mistakes. After that, they will become easy targets."

Femradiel wasn't quite sure that he wanted to win like that, but in the end, she did as she was told and enchanted Ryan's battle machines with ice and electricity. Although they were relatively weak, Ryan decided to focus on decreasing the number of the Giant Skulls first since they could offer support to the other monsters.

When Ryan teleported, a small tower filled with buffed battle machines, he couldn't help but smirk when the monsters froze and were electrocuted at the same time. They couldn't use their defensive spells when they were receiving elemental damage capable of preventing them from moving.

You obtained 100 coins.

You obtained 100 coins.

You obtained 100 coins.

In the end, dozens of Giant Skulls died thanks to Ryan's attack. Almost half of them were killed, and the other half only survived because the Centaur Archers came to their rescue.

"Ah, that was refreshing," Ryan grinned from ear to ear.

"You can't relax just yet," Femradiel said while looking at one of the dungeons.

Ryan looked in that direction, only to see a group of fifty Giant Skulls leaving. It was obvious that they were going to take the place of the fallen monsters, but that didn't trouble Ryan in the slightest. Ryan began to make another tower of battle machine, and that made Ryan frown since the monsters would be waiting for something like that. However, naturally, Ryan wouldn't do the same thing. He didn't even ask Femradiel to buff the battle machines.

After teleporting the tower to the middle of the Giant Skulls again, the monsters reacted on time to protect themselves. However, when the Centaur Archers moved from their position, Ryan, Furball, and Femradiel appeared behind them and bombarded the stupid monsters with magic projectiles. Ryan summoned several copies of his Titanium Electric Bow in order to make sure that the Centaurs won't have many chances to react, and just like before, dozens of those monsters died.

"Ah, I love this mobility," Ryan said after returning to his domain. "I guess I owe Yahiko a lot just clearing four dungeons shouldn't be enough to pay for a spell like this."

"I hate to say this, but while hit-and-run tactics are useful in this kind of situation, I can't see myself getting stronger," Femradiel said.

Ryan nodded. In the end, not even Furball was having the chance to eat the monsters' bodies. Ryan didn't have the chance to make magic weapons with their souls either it looked like he had to change his tactics a little bit again.

"All right, I guess with the two familiars and Furball, we have a decent front line," Ryan said. "I will let you guys run wild while I offer some support from the backline."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1