Chapter 469: Trap

Chapter 469: Trap

Although Ryan noticed that having a domain was also a bit problematic, it wasn't like he could just let the monsters run wild. Some dungeons will eventually reach the max level, and their dungeon masters will walk on Earth. There was nothing Ryan could do about it. In a sense, it was also quite useful to have a high leveled dungeon inside his domain since Ryan will obtain more coins and perhaps even charge some humans to use it.

Regardless, while Ryan wanted to fight the Reptilians again, those creatures moved to a place, where not even the Red Falcons could see from their current position. So, since he didn't have anything better to do, Ryan decided to fill his army with Fire Golems.

"My magic classes are leveling up instead of the archer ones," Ryan said while frowning. "Well, I guess this isn't so bad since it increases my mana and recovery."

If worse comes to the worst and the Reptilians give up on attacking Ryan's domain, he can always make his golem leave the dungeons and hunt the monsters inside his domain. At the very least, he will be able to fight six monsters per minute, and they were all above tier two, so it wasn't so bad.

In the end, thanks to Mana-Eater and all the loot he obtained in the last fight, Ryan managed to fill his army with Fire Golems alone in a couple of hours. He could increase the army's size by spending some coins or mana in the dungeon masters' interface, but Ryan wasn't so sure about that. While he was hesitating, Ryan noticed that his slimes could reach level eight as expected. The environment of the other world was helping them.

"I have to consider my next steps carefully," Ryan rubbed his chin. "First of all, I need to have a proper army stationed in my domain in case another army of monsters comes to attack. I also need plenty of coins and mana for the barrier all that needs to be multiplied by two if I want to leave someday and look for more tier three dungeons. Unless I do that, I will need to keep expanding my domain endlessly."

Ryan could use the dungeon masters' tactics and then fight his Fire Golems or make them fight each other to make them level up. Still, it seemed like a rough and inefficient method, at least from his perspective.

In the end, Ryan decided to strengthen them using another method by teleporting them to other dungeons in the distance. Since Ryan could use Teleport, he will be able to come to their rescue and obtain the coins before they could die. However, considering their level, Ryan could only imagine them succeeding in tier one dungeons.

"I suppose that is better than nothing," Ryan nodded to himself. "No I should look for the Reptilians and then make the golems self-destruct after causing a lot of damage, that will certainly make them level up pretty fast."

Ryan recalled that he could use Search to track down Eci and his army, so he couldn't help but smile when the skill worked, and Ryan saw them setting their camp twenty kilometers away from Ryan's domain.

Without exposing himself, Ryan teleported the first Fire Golems toward the middle of the Reptilians army. The monsters panicked when those massive monsters covered in fire, suddenly attacking them. Still, once they noticed that the monsters were weak, the Reptilians bombarded them with ice magic the same ice magic didn't help them when the first golem exploded and caused a chain reaction, making the other Fire Golems explode and creating a massive, deadly area of effect attack.

You obtained 189 coins.

You obtained 189 coins.

You obtained 189 coins.

"This is pretty effective, but I feel like I am moving away from my goal to obtain a special class," Ryan frowned. "Speaking of which, I wonder if these special classes are like the one which Yahiko has I can't imagine a class more special than that. The trigger for him to obtain was weird, though."

In the end, Ryan decided to make Furball play with the Fire Golems while he was going to harass Eci and his soldiers.

When Ryan teleported to a nearby mountain right on the left side of the Reptilians camp, he saw them still trying to recover from the surprise attack caused by his Fire Golems. Ryan hadn't been using some tactics to win some of his battles, so he wasn't sure if the Eci had chosen an excellent position to set up a camp. The place was between two mountains. Since the valley was quite deep and dense, it was supposed to be a pretty decent place to hide a small army, but it looked like a perfect kill zone from Ryan's perspective.

"I guess they concluded the golems attack had been a fluke or an accident since they didn't see me and don't look like they are about to leave this place," Ryan concluded. "That or they are just stupid and think that they can't retreat any more than this."

Before Ryan could start his next attack, he suddenly felt a shiver ran down his spine. Immediately, Ryan tried to return to his domain by using Teleport, but the skill failed, much to his surprise.

"What?" Ryan muttered in shock since that never happened before.

Around the mountain, Ryan saw some pillars of light emerging. Eventually, those four pillars emitted mana toward other directions until eventually, they joined together to create a perfect four sides barrier.

"Shit now I have done it," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. "Well, let's make sure to learn this lesson and not ever forget this situation.

Hidden in the mountain, several creatures suddenly emerged. Ryan noticed that they were a bit more tough-looking Reptilians, and they looked a bit like Eci. Ryan finally found the other dungeon bosses that had been spawned in the Reptilians' dungeon in the last four months.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1