Chapter 466: They Are Back

Chapter 466: They are back

Ryan expected to see an army of monsters waiting for him at the exit of the dungeon, but he didn't find anything. In order to prevent a fight against a boss and their underlings, Ryan decided to clear the next dungeons as fast as possible, but just when he was about to enter the Giant Skull's dungeon, Femradiel called him.

"We have a problem," Femradiel said. " An army of lizards are coming from the East."

"What?" Ryan asked in confusion.

That timing was weird Why would another party try to attack him at such a time? By the look of things, Ryan assumed the lizards weren't working with the dungeon masters that tried to take his domain, but Ryan was quite sure they were equally troublesome.

When Ryan returned to his domain, he saw the army of lizards that Femradiel had said. He knew that army very well They were the lizards he defeated before when he got his pair of two long fire swords. The same guy who gave the swords to him was leading the army.

"Echidna's minions" Ryan said and then sighed. "To think they would show up right now"

Eci  Lv 285

Health: 12500/12500

Mana: 8000/8000

Stamina: 12000/12000

Strength: 1750 (+250)

Dexterity: 350 (+100)

Speed: 900 (+150)

Intelligence: 1550 (+300)

Endurance: 1600 (+250)

Control: 950 (+150)

Mentality: 1350 (+250)

Luck: 800

Recovery: 6000 (+1050)

Willpower: 1100

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Furious Charge Lv 200, Freezing Touch Lv 120

Passive Physical Skills: Passive Recovery Lv 190, Swordsmanship Lv 180

Spells: Water Spear Lv 180, Ice Spear Lv 120, Water Manipulation Lv 100, Water Transformation Lv 80

Support Skills: Water Resistance Lv 220, Wind Resistance Lv 160, Shock Resistance Lv 150

Much to Ryan's surprise, before he could think of how to proceed, the leader of the lizards recognized Ryan, and his face distorted in anger.

"How weird did they come without knowing that I was here?" Ryan frowned. "Femradiel, the presence of the domains can be felt like dungeons?"

Yes, the crystal you have and the crystal that can be found inside the dungeons emit the same presence," Femradiel replied.

In any case, that didn't matter all that much. The reptilians had come to take over his domain, and Ryan had to kill them for getting on his way once again. However, the fact that once they die, the bosses will inform Echidna was troubling. If she sends other creatures to hunt him like Cerberus, Ryan couldn't imagine enduring for long.

"Femradiel, you should focus on decreasing the number of Minotaurs and Giant Skulls," Ryan said. "You can use as many potions as you want, just make sure to open a path for my next classes."

"It looks like you have a story with those guys," Femradiel said. "Just try not to get worked up, all right?"

Ryan wouldn't let that happen since he was too confused to get angry. Eci had become too strong if compared to a few months ago, but what surprised Ryan even more was that he had skills that surpassed level one hundred. Ryan had Passive Recovery, but he only could level it up until it reached level one hundred.

For a second, Ryan thought that the Reptilians would stop and fall back since their leader recognized Ryan, and the last time they fought, Ryan kicked his ass, but much to his surprise, Eci didn't want to retreat. Once his troops got close enough, he gave them the order to enter formation while some of them were setting their camp. Unlike other stupid monsters, the Reptilians wanted the domain by using common war tactics. Ryan decided that they would fight like that because they wouldn't receive support from other of Echidna's minions, which was weird since a domain was supposed to greatly interest her.

"Well, it doesn't matter," Ryan shrugged. "Stay here, buddy and look after our playground. I am going to say hi to our temporary neighbors."

Ryan summoned his Magic Bows, making several copies of the Fire Master Crossbow, and then immediately proceeded to charge several Power Shots as well. Using his most useful skill at the start of a fight didn't seem like the wisest idea, but it wasn't like the Reptilians could do anything against that. Besides, Ryan couldn't imagine a better moment to explode hundreds of enemies.

After using Teleport, Ryan appeared a few hundred meters above the Reptilian's army. From that position, he finally could see how well prepared they were. They really had come ready for a war. Ryan could see several carts filled with supplies and many tents that had been set in a question of seconds.

"I can't leave those alone I guess I will have to stay here for a while longer," Ryan said after sighing.

Ryan fired his magic projectiles and instantly decimated hundreds of Reptilians when the magic bolts hit the ground and caused massive explosions. Instead of celebrating his successful ambush, Ryan proceeded to attack and destroy the tents alongside the supplies of the enemy. However, he didn't have much time to do that. Hundreds of Ice Spears were fired toward him. Even the gravely wounded Reptilians were trying to ignore their pain and kill Ryan.

After dodging the attacks while flying around, Ryan kept aiming at the supplies. In the end, Ryan quickly destroyed everything they had brought, but Ryan also realized they didn't bring much, to begin with.

"Since they are ready for a war, I guess they will have a steady line of supplies" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and then decided to retreat. "I only delayed their plans for a day I should have focused on decreasing their numbers."

When he returned to his domain, Ryan analyzed his memories. From above, he had seen more or less twenty battalions. It wasn't a big number given that the Reptilians had the chance to increase their numbers for three months non-stop, but that doesn't mean only them will participate in the fight. If others come just like the supply line Ryan had imagined, the barrier won't last long

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1