Chapter 467: Even More

Chapter 467: Even more

To win that fight, Ryan knew that he couldn't give the Reptilians the chance to attack. Even though they weren't real mages, their magic attacks could cause a lot of damage to the barrier with those numbers. He had to keep them in check by ambushing them as much as possible. However, it looked like that wouldn't be possible. As soon as they recovered to some extent from the first ambush, the Reptilians began to create massive walls of ice protecting the army from all angles. From above, the sides, their front, and their backs.

"That consumed a lot of their mana, given their recovery, I have ten minutes to do something," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "They won't be able to attack me for the next few minutes, after all."

Ryan considered forming some squads of golems and destroying those walls, but the golems really weren't suited for that kind of task. Even if he uses Teleport to help them with some mobility, they weren't really that good at causing damage from a distance.

"I miss the days where I was the attacker, not the defender" Ryan said and then sighed.

The Reptilians were three miles away from Ryan's domain, so they were within his range. This time Ryan decided not to rely on tricks or strategy since the enemies were in an open terrain in front of him. Besides, given that more Reptilians were probably going to appear the next few days, Ryan's bag of cheap tricks was bound to end. Instead of showing everything he could do to an enemy he would fight for many more days, he decided to just attack directly.

Instead of summoning several Magic Bows, Ryan just equipped his Fire Master Crossbow and bent his right knee to assume a comfortable firing position. Now that he thought about it, that was the best way to keep his main classes leveled. Using a single weapon and only relying on mana to create projectiles.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan activated Reptilian Transformation and Firing Posture. Dozens of fire bolts flew and exploded when they collided against the ice wall blocking their path. In the end, it didn't last for long, and the Reptilians began to be hit by the bolts and die in the droves. Those in other battalions tried to help them. Still, before they could create any decent defense, Ryan destroyed everything on the paths of his bolts. In the end, returning to his original fighting style wasn't so bad

"How are things on your end?" Femradiel suddenly asked. "I hate to admit this, but it looks like I am going to stay here for a while. The boss just spawned and I barely can defeat more monsters than the dungeon can spawn."

"I will manage," Ryan replied. "Shall I send Furball to offer some support?"

"For the time being, that isn't necessary," Femradiel replied. "Although I will probably need his help once I decrease the number of monsters in this dungeon. I will have to leave one of my bodies here and I won't be able to do the same in the others with one body alone. Even though my strength is currently increasing at a pretty decent pace."

"You should return and grab some battle machines to help you a little," Ryan said.

"That would only make me feel more miserable," Femradiel said.

Ryan wasn't the only one who had some leeway to care about their pride while fighting. In the end, since that was the case, he couldn't just force Femradiel to do what he wanted, even if he had that power.

In the end, before Ryan could wipe out a single battalion, the group that he had been attacking decided to retreat. The other battalions on the side took the place of that one and quickly created an ice wall. Ryan couldn't help but frown at that. They should know better than something like that wouldn't stop Ryan.

Although he felt like that was a bit like moving away from his current goal, Ryan aligned all his DEX potions and then used all of them. Hundreds of potions easily tripled his max dexterity. Without wasting any time, he began to relentlessly attack the Reptilians again. This time each kick of the crossbow caused immense pain on Ryan's right shoulder, but he endured it while smiling. How could he not? His bolts annihilated the ice walls and the thousand Reptilians in front of him. In just a couple of minutes, almost ten thousand of them died, and Eci was forced to make his army retreat.

In the end, Ryan killed a few hundred more, but he was forced

to stop when the effect of his potions ended, and he barely could feel his right shoulder. Even after Ryan used Full-Heal, he could see a blue bruise in there a sign that all muscles and bones in that area had been deeply damaged and would take a while to fully recover.

Congratulations! Your class Hunter had reached the max level! Reach the max level with two other classes to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

"What the hell" Ryan muttered in shock.

Ryan, who didn't even want to look for the loot right now due to the exhaustion and the pain on his shoulder, was forced to get up. In the end, it looked like classes could only reach level one hundred. That was too bad, but the prospect of obtaining a special class every time three of his class reaches the max level wasn't. Moreover, Ryan just learned that some potions could even help his class level up faster. Although he killed ten thousand Reptilians, he shouldn't have made his first-class level up four times on such a short notice

"Well, I have another method to obtain power, but I guess first I need to obtain a certain class to prevent situations like this to surprise me, again," Ryan nodded to himself. "I need Clairvoyance."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1