Chapter 468: Fire Golem

Chapter 468: Fire Golem

Although Ryan was the one who caused that mess, he didn't feel anything while looking at the red battlefield filled with blood and pieces of flesh that once belonged to the Reptilians' bodies. Was that a sign that he had become a battle-hardened warrior, or it just proved that Ryan's mind was really a mess? He couldn't tell which option was the correct one.

"Oh, boy finally I got lucky," Ryan smiled in satisfaction after finding a single tome that made him ignore all the pile of crap that was the loot he obtained.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Fire Golem.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a special variation of the original golem.

Cost: 2500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Fire Golem  Lv 01

Health: 500/500

Mana: 500/500

Stamina: 500/500

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 200

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 800

Endurance: 500

Control: 200

Mentality: 500

Luck: 100

Recovery: 500

Willpower: 500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Fire Charge Lv 15, Self Destruction Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 20, Focus Lv 20

Spells: Fire Arrow Lv 20, Explosive Arrow Lv 10,

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 50, Fire Resistance Lv 50

"Not bad, not bad at all," Ryan grinned from ear to ear.

While Ryan will have to use more mana to summon the fire golems, they were obviously much better than the ordinary ones. Not only their overall recovery will increase the pace at which the mana obtained by his domain will increase, but they will also cause a lot of damage in a vast area with Self-Destruction. In fact, Ryan was already imagining using them as suicide minions on the battlefield since they could easily disrupt even the most organized troops.

Ryan decided to check things with Femradiel, but he stopped when he felt a tremor coming from the Centaurs dungeon. He used Animalistic Transference only to confirm that the boss spawned and was killed by the golems. However, the bastard killed dozens of them before finally getting crushed by their sheer numbers.

"After filling my army with the fire golems, I guess I will make them guard the dungeons," Ryan said. "I need to make sure that they won't have even a single second to get stronger."

Although that wasn't a matter related to it, Ryan just had an idea on how to use something similar to Clairvoyance. He just needed to make the Red Falcons fly around the area and then use Animalistic Transference now and then. At the very least, that would solve the problem until he gets the real skill.

"How are things in your end, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"You look less tense and angry did you already defeat that army?" Femradiel asked.

"Yes and for the last time, don't answer a question with another question" Ryan said and then sighed. "I just learned some interesting things as well."

"Well, good for you," Femradiel said. "I believe I am making some progress here, but I will need some more time." I know that you want to get your new classes as fast as possible, but this is an opportunity for me like no other. The level of difficulty in this dungeon is just right for these bodies."

"You do realize that by taking your time, you are giving the enemy the chance to level up as well, right?" Ryan asked.

"I know, I know," Femradiel said. "But trust me, we will gain more from this tha them. If my calculations are right, in less than a month those two bodies will be as strong as my old self."

While that was interesting, it was also a bit troublesome for Ryan. He wanted to level up his new classes since that initial boost was very useful. Still, in the end, he decided to let Femradiel do what she wanted. While new classes were always welcome, Ryan wanted to train his archer-related classes and make them reach the max level to see what may happen. Based on his predictions, the sacrificed classes will probably play an important role in the selection of the special class.

"What are you going to do about the third dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"I was going to ask you to buy a healing time for my Drake form," Femradiel said. "Soon my Wyrm form will be able to fight alone here, so"

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan said and then sighed. "I will buy two tomes of Heal, since I am actually getting a lot of coins while you are fighting there."

By doing that, Femradiel's two bodies now could take care of two-tier three dungeons by themselves. It was really convenient to be able to use two bodies and get stronger at the same time that kind of thing made Ryan consider another hypothesis.

"Hey, Femradiel even if the monsters of a dungeon dies, the dungeon master still receives coins for some reason," Ryan said. "Also, even if they don't do much, the bosses and other monsters that are defeated instantly also receive some experience, like their resistances to a certain attack increase when suffering a overkill doesn't that mean that creating a dungeon in the middle of a powerful enemy territory isn't a pretty good way to level up a dungeon?"

"... Now that you mentioned I frowned when the Giant Skulls leveled up a while ago even though I dodged all their attacks," Femradiel hesitated. "I guess your assumptions aren't that off the mark."

Ryan facepalmed. In the end, despite the fact that he won the fight against those three species of monsters, they will reach at least one of their goals, which was to make their dungeon reach max level as fast as possible.

Just like in games, people and monsters had to fight strong beings to become stronger as well. Since Ryan could clear tier-three dungeons with relative ease, he was obviously the perfect target for some monsters. Move Over, his set of skills was pretty diversified so, he couldn't help but sigh, imagining that his existence alone was helping some monsters.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1