Chapter 464: New Crossbows

Chapter 464: New crossbows

After charging for several minutes Concentrated Strike, Ryan activated all the buffs that increased his strength and then teleported himself, Femradiel, and Furball to the middle of the enemies' camp. Well, he actually teleported his allies to a few dozens of meters above the camp and then he punched a Giant Skull. His attack easily turned the monster into dust and created a shockwave that damaged the other creatures' around while knocking down some of the Centaurs. In the end, he broke his fist but quickly healed after he summoned his magic weapons and made them spin and crush the monsters around.

When the monsters finally recovered from Ryan's attacks, they were stunned by Femradiel and Furball's arrival. Using the ice Wyrm, Femradiel froze the whole terrain, and then Furball and the Electric Drake electrocuted pretty much everything around them. Ryan activated Deadly Aim and didn't hold back in the use of mana. In seconds, hundreds of monsters died.

You obtained 120 coins.

You obtained 100 coins.

You obtained 90 coins.

The monsters tried to organize themselves to face Ryan's group, but then Femradiel used Niffelheim and froze their legs. When some of them finally freed themselves from the spell, Ryan had petrified their arms or legs.

Suddenly, upon noticing their imminent doom, the monsters decided to go all-out without caring about their safety or from their allies. The Giant Skulls cast Fire Tornadoes and Ice Tornadoes, and the Centaur Archers fired Power Shot after Power Shot.

"Just try to endure it," Ryan said and then cast Mana Shield on everyone. "Femradiel, try to knock down the Giant Skulls and the Centaurs. I will finish off the Minotaurs."

"They are being controlled, the only way to do that is by freezing them," Femradiel said.

"They turn them into ice cream," Ryan said and then pointed several of his Magic Bows toward the Minotaurs and proceeded to bombard them while ignoring their attacks.

Ryan focused on speed and the special effects of his weapons to decimate his foes, but even though he relied on the buffs that increased his defense when the battle ended, he was covered in blood. His own blood that was rare. He used Full-Heal to close the wounds, but he still felt his body burning for quite a while.

Furball and Femradiel's familiars didn't look much better, but they weren't complaining. In fact, Furball was eating Minotaurs as if his body covered in blood was just a minor nuisance.

"Good work," Ryan said while looking at the ice status that Femradiel made to help Ryan. "It has been a while since you felt your life in danger, so how do you feel now?"

"A bit refreshed and annoyed," Femradiel replied. "Refreshed because this was a good exercise and annoyed because these small fries caused me so much trouble."

"Don't feel too bad about it," Ryan said. "We are facing three dungeon masters, after all."

Skull Crossbow (Ghost) (+7)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that might damage your foes mana and health by the same amount.

Dexterity + 210, Intelligence + 119

Durability: 90/90

Extermination Crossbow (+7)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that causes twenty percent more damage when the target belongs to the Centaur race.

Dexterity + 210, Intelligence + 119

Durability: 90/90

"Well not bad, I guess," Ryan frowned slightly.

"It seems you don't like classes and weapons that are only good against a certain type of enemy," Femradiel said.

"I suppose my memory isn't that good, so if this type of weapon keeps coming, I will probably forget some of them," Ryan said. "I prefer special weapons that are hard to forget like the Spiritualist's Crossbow."

Regardless, it was time to separate the loot, but Ryan and the others didn't find many useful items. As for tomes, he used most of them to power up Furball. Only a single one of them picked Ryan's interest.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Improved Recovery.

Effect: It passively increases your recovery by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"It is kind of weird that I learned a racial skill that is better than this early on," Ryan frowned. "I guess I need more monsters' DNA, but those are incredibly hard to find."

During the whole fight and even while he was gathering the loot, Ryan and Femradiel didn't feel anything weird coming from the dungeons. It looked like the plan of the dungeon masters to build an army outside the dungeons backfired splendidly, and now they wanted to play it safe. Not that Ryan would let them.

"What do you think, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"We can't leave the domain alone, so I guess I will have to stay behind in my Drake form," Femradiel replied. "If I were you, I would use the Extermination Crossbow and try to clear the centaurs' dungeon first, but in the end, it is your call."

"I guess I will do that, then," Ryan said.

"How unusual of you to obediently follow my advice," Femradiel said.

"It is just obviously more efficient that way," Ryan said. "Anyway, don't do anything with the domain that I wouldn't do."

Since monsters couldn't enter other dungeons when they were in other worlds, Ryan was confident that he wouldn't be attacked from behind. So, he entered the dungeon without hesitating, but in the end, he had to stop because the miasma was damaging him and decreasing his status.

Congratulations! The skill Poison Resistance has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Curse Resistance has leveled up.

"Those are some pretty powerful poison and curse, given that this dungeon only appeared yesterday," Ryan frowned. "Maybe it was thanks to this that the monsters leveled up more than a few times even if this isn't the sole region, it certainly helped them."

Ryan had trained Furball to withstand curses and poisons since he could use those. As for the Wyrm, he seemed a bit down. While Femradiel controlled that body, she probably won't talk much since she had to keep an eye on the other dungeons.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1