Chapter 465: New Class

Chapter 465: New class

After a while, Ryan confirmed his suspicions. The monsters were obviously gathering themselves in the last part of the dungeon. That became evident since Ryan didn't find a single monster while the path was going downward in a spiral for several minutes.

"It has become like a norm lately to fight in an underground massive arena," Ryan sighed after considering that possibility. "Even with this crossbow, it might be troublesome to fight against hundreds of archers."

With Draconic Transformation, hundreds of Centaur Archers at that level wouldn't be a problem, but since that was out of option, Ryan was thinking about what to do in case he finds himself in that situation. In the end, Ryan's worries were confirmed in reality. He saw a massive arena-like room in front of him and hundreds of centaurs in front of him and pulling their bow's strings. Ryan escaped before hundreds of arrows could pierce him by using Teleport, but his mood didn't improve.

"Now, what?" Ryan asked.

Overpowering the enemies alongside Furball and Wyrm didn't seem like an impossible feat. In fact, Ryan was confident that he could do it alone if he chooses the right skills, but doing that wouldn't be enough. Just like before, he had to defeat his enemies in their own games and in the most satisfying way possible.

Ryan smiled when he recalled that he already had the tools to deal with that situation in the way he wanted, making his enemies look like fools. He probably could improve that strategy, but he decided to hurry up since he didn't want to fight the boss when many minions were around.

After equipping his shield, Ryan returned to the last part of the dungeon and then received a storm of arrows. He had a hard time holding back the shield, but he endured all the pressure thanks to Telekinesis. Just as expected, the Centaur received some damage of their own attacks, and Ryan used that chance to attack the monsters with his magic bows. Even though most of the monsters survived his attacks since he focused on hitting all of them, Wyrm used that chance to finish off some and freeze others.

When Ryan completed the first wave of attacks, the Centaurs looked at him, and he could see the same annoyed look on their faces. It was only natural since Ryan destroyed the shoulder of their dominant arms, and now, they didn't have the power to fight back.

"Hey, is anyone there?" Ryan asked. "There is someone controlling those monsters, right? Anyway, thanks for creating a dungeon so close to my domain, thanks to you, it will grow a lot. Before u forget, don't try to invade Earth again, or try to kill me, all right? I will leave your world alone for the time being, but if you decide to be annoying, I will destroy you and your world before you can even understand what happened."

Ryan knew that he was pretty bold, but he needed to make at least his enemies annoyed, or they will keep looking down on him and humanity. In any case, he thought he would hear something from the mouth of the dungeon master, but nothing happened.

"I guess I was mistaken," Ryan frowned. "Someone who threw their pride aside a d joined forces with others to defeat a single foe wouldn't fall for that taunt."

The Centaurs dashed toward Ryan. Even though they couldn't use their bows, they still have their bodies. Ryan teleported himself and Wyrm to the dungeon's ceiling and, while flying, began to finish off the monsters. Although that result was kind of obvious given the fact that the Centaurs were working with two other species, Ryan couldn't help but feel that something was off The fight ended too easily.

"Something doesn't smell good here and it isn't the miasma," Ryan frowned.

Ryan couldn't shake that feeling off, but in the end, he decided not to waste too much time about things he couldn't understand. After summoning hundreds of golems and giving them the order to smash everything that appears in there with Stone Bullets, Ryan finally headed toward the treasure chest.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Flame Swordsman, Bounty Hunter, and Toxic Wizard.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction since he couldn't recall seeing those classes before. Although the classes themselves didn't look that amazing, at least they belonged to the third tier.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Bounty Hunter!

You obtained the following skills: Evading Shot, Hunt, and Bounty.

Your stamina and dexterity will increase by six points, your health, mana, control, and speed will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Evading Shot.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a special arrow that will instantly move a few meters backward. The distance crossed after firing is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten meters.

Cost: 40 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hunt.

Effect: It passively increases your dexterity every minute when you fight the same enemy. The bonus of dexterity will disappear once you change your target or the foe dies. The bonus in dexterity will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bounty.

Effect: It increases the number of coins you can receive based on the difference of strength between you and your foes.

You obtained 01 status point.

Evading Shot seemed pretty neat since Ryan couldn't see a limit to its use, and Hunt would also help him a lot when fighting formidable enemies. Since now he is a dungeon master, Ryan probably didn't have to worry all that much about coins, but as usual, he would welcome all of them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1