Chapter 473: Changes

Chapter 473: Changes

In the end, Femradiel asked Ryan to be a bit more patient. However, that wasn't his forte. Ryan got used to traveling around and clearing dungeons. Even though he had five dungeons at his disposal to keep training on his domain, it didn't help him to feel less bored.

At some point, Ryan decided to attack the Reptilians' camp by using Power Shot, Mana Reinforcement, and Force. However, even though he amassed ten minutes' worth of energy, his attack didn't do anything. A mana barrier was erected at the same moment his attack reached the Reptilians' camp the mages who trapped him could be used in many ways, it seemed.

"I guess I will just lay some magic traps around since that skill belongs to Combat Archer class" Ryan said and then sighed. "I can't let the domain keep sucking my extra mana."

While it was hard to know if the Magic Traps would be of any use, at least Ryan would train his class. It was another tedious work, but Ryan forced himself to do that since nothing else would do. Suddenly, to free him from his boredom or to make his headache increase, even more, Ryan received a telepathic call from Yahiko he took quite a while to do that.

"It has been a while, Ryan," Yahiko said. "How have you been?"

"Too busy, haven't you been as well?" Ryan asked.

"Not really, Haruna has been helping me a lot, and the burden on my shoulders lessened," Yahiko said. "Even though a few other dungeons appeared around Tokyo, things have been going well here."

Ryan frowned when he heard that. It didn't make any sense maybe Yahiko was trying to mess with him since he was much more powerful, and the problems Ryan was facing could be easily dealt with by him. However, Yahiko wasn't that type of guy. Even the arrival of some tier three dungeons wouldn't change many things from his perspective, but from his people, on the other hand

" Did you want to talk about anything specific?" Ryan asked.

"It seems you are busy, so I will tell you what I discovered," Yahiko said. "I have been able to move around more freely, and thanks to it, I checked how things were in other nations. Well, I only checked things in India and China. I decided to check those countries first since their population was quite high before the monsters' arrival."

"I assume you learned some interesting things," Ryan said.

"Indeed, it looks like China's new leader is someone like me," Yahiko said. "A man who obtained a special class by accident. While we have our history about warriors in Japan, things are on a whole different scale in China. They have registers of several millennia of mighty warriors, and they also experimented many years of conflict over the unification of the country that had been divided into several realms along with their history."

"So, their leader is even more powerful than you, and he has the same ability," Ryan said.

"Yes and no," Yahiko said. "He is indeed more powerful than I am, but he has another type of power. He can learn all the skills of guardians and of the fallen he faces. At the same time, he can also grant the same skills to his friends."

"That is quite convenient" Ryan frowned. "It looks like you watched him for a while, but you didn't talk to him. Are you afraid that he might do something troublesome?"

"No, but I know that our methods are far too different," Yahiko said. "He is giving too much power to those who are close to him, and that is causing a division among his people. The difference in power is becoming too drastic. Aside from that, he is also hunting fallen and guardians alike because he doesn't trust those entities to guarantee the safety of our planet."

"Well it is not like I can't understand where he is coming from," Ryan said. "I certainly wouldn't trust my fate on the hands of someone I can't understand."

"That is natural, but the problem is that the balance is hanging too much on a single side," Yahiko said. "That might cause some issues later."

"Let's leave our future problems to our future selves," Ryan said. "Anyway, what did you discover in India?"

"Things are the exact opposite of China," Yahiko replied. "There are plenty of guardians and fallen fighting against each other thanks to their culture and religion. Their mythological creatures are at all-out war, and they involve humans in it. Those who want to make things as chaotic as possible joined the side of the fallen, those who want to live in a more harmonious society joined the guardians' side. Things are even for the time being, but eventually things will get out of hand."

"Why do you think that?" Ryan asked.

"Some of the fallen and guardians joined the side of some dungeon masters, and thus they are causing dungeon breaks to make their sides more powerful than the others," Yahiko said. "The last time I checked, some of their dungeons were at level 550. I believe right now they probably reached level six hundred. In less than three months. The dungeon masters will come to our world using that region, and I have no idea what they will do once that happens."

Ryan didn't even want to think about it. While that situation was happening too far away from his country, Earth now was a world where a powerful being can cross entire continents in a couple of minutes. In the best-case scenario, the dungeon masters will reward those who helped them. That was good, but it was also troublesome because the humans who didn't join them will become their enemies. After that, the dungeon masters will try to mold the new Earth according to their wishes. Even if they leave humans alone, Ryan could bet they won't leave the other dungeon masters. Ryan and Yahiko were probably one of the few that knew that Earth was about to become a massive battleground between mystical forces beyond human's understanding.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1