Chapter 474: Promises

Chapter 474: Promises

In the end, Yahiko warned Ryan to increase his defenses in his country. He would do the same since the future was becoming even more uncertain. The problem was that Ryan could only count on the help of his pets. Moreover, he still had to consider what to do with the deserters that didn't join the monsters' side. When things get messy again, those types of people will be the first ones to cause a lot of problems.

"Give me a break. I didn't even solve the matter with the Reptilians," Ryan said and then sighed. "Yeah, I have to keep increasing the area of my domain and the size of my army."

Ryan could obtain some coins by checking things with his Steel Eagle. Still, it was too risky to going so far away and leave his domain alone, even if only for a couple of minutes. Maybe he should capture some trolls and tame them. Those monsters had a stupid amount of Recovery, after all.

Although Ryan himself had plenty of coins in which he could use to strengthen his domain, doing that wouldn't be wise. After all, he needed to keep strengthening himself, and the best way to do that is by getting his hands on some rare tomes.

"I guess the only thing I can do now is to try to make another class reach the max level as soon as possible," Ryan said and then nodded to himself.

Ryan gave the order for his monsters to leave the salamanders, velociraptors, and the giant bees alone. Those monsters will leave the dungeon, and Ryan will be the one to deal with them. They were tier one monsters, so letting them roam free in his domain wouldn't cause an issue. Besides, Ryan could see and kill anything in his domain. His range was that long.

The worst thing that could have happened in the end happened. Ryan didn't do anything aside from killing small fries and eating dragon hearts for two days straight. Meanwhile, the Reptilians were organizing their forces. In those two days, forty thousand more Reptilians arrived in that region and joined the first army that had decreased to a little less than ten thousand.

Ryan tried to kill some of them by using the Fire Golem suicide attack, but that strategy lost its use after a while. The Reptilians got used to the attack and eventually began to react in time and froze the golems before they could explode. While facing an army of fifty thousand seemed insane when he was on the defense side, Ryan wasn't that nervous. If anything, he was looking forward to it since it would be the perfect chance to take another class to reach level one hundred.

"In order for that to happen as soon as possible, I should avoid using mana to do other things that aren't related to my main skills," Ryan nodded to himself. "So, I should use two crossbows and rely as much as possible on Firing Posture."

Once the Reptilians come, Ryan's domain will suffer a lot of damage if he tries to hold them back by relying only on that fighting style. Still, as usual, Ryan couldn't get everything he wanted. Ryan almost had 38 million coins, and then he checked the dungeon shop for Clairvoyance since that skill would help him a lot to cause some damage before the fight. However, the skill wasn't available to be purchased.

"Should I keep storing coins in order to buy that single skill?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I don't think I should then again, I can't think of any other skill that might come in handy right now."

If Ryan makes his Steel Eagle give him the coins that she obtained in the last few days, his coins will reach the forty million mark, but for some reason, Ryan thought that Clairvoyance will cost at the very least fifty million.

"If I just wait six more days, I should be able to obtain an amount by just killing the monsters in these seven dungeons" Ryan nodded to himself and then sighed. "Who could have thought that I would need to use math like this when the world is about to fall on the hands of mythical creatures."

Maybe Ryan could have that amount if he had sold some weapons instead of just using them to obtain more mana, but it was too late to regret that. He confirmed by using Animalistic Transferred with his Red Falcons that the Reptilians were already ready to attack. A force of fifty thousand very strong monsters was about to attack his domain. Yet, Ryan couldn't think of anything else aside from trying to make his Combat Archer class reach the max level before that battle ends.

"It looks like I will have to stop my training," Femradiel suddenly said. "I suppose it can't be helped."

"Oh, Femradiel! How have you been?" Ryan asked while frowning. "Have you been enjoying your vacation?"

"My apologies for letting you fight alone in the last few days, but I think I will be able to compensate you for that," Femradiel said. "The level of my power isn't at a desirable level yet, but I believe I will be able to prevent the worst-case scenario."

"Nah, it is cool. You can keep training," Ryan said. "If things get really dire, I will call you."

"Are you sure of that?" Femradiel asked, visibly surprised.

"Yes, we can't leave the dungeons that haven't been cleared yet alone," Ryan explained. "That might cause some problems later. While I think that this fight will help you reach that strength faster, I will ask you to sit this one out. I want to make some of my classes reach the max level today."

"All right then," Femradiel said. "In any case, I will pay attention to the fight to help you if the need arises."

Ryan nodded after hearing that and then began to summon some Fire Golems. The Reptilians finally began to march, and the whole army was coming, so Ryan couldn't pull his punches.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1