Chapter 475: Battlefield

Chapter 475: Battlefield

When the Reptilians finally could be seen by Ryan without anything obstructing his vision, he immediately used some DEX potions. Then, Ryan began to use his most powerful crossbows. As expected, when the projectiles were about to reach the enemy's army, a magic barrier was raised by the Reptilians sorcerers. Electric and explosive bolts came to a halt without causing any damage. However, that didn't bother Ryan in the slightest. He saw the direction in which the barrier was formed and immediately teleported several Fire Golems in that direction.

In the end, the monsters caused a massive chain reaction when the first one exploded. The mages were caught off guard since they didn't imagine Ryan would do something that already failed so many times before. However, that would only work once that was all that Ryan needed.

Ryan pulled the triggers of his crossbows again, and this time the first line of defense was hit by his projectiles. Some mages of the enemies' side had been killed, so at least that platoon was completely unprotected. Some of them tried to do what they could by using Ice Walls, but those didn't help as nearly as they wanted. Ryan chose magic weapons enchanted by fire and electricity for a reason.

"All right, go," Ryan said to his first line of Fire Golems.

In the end, Ryan divided his three thousand Fire Golems into six groups of five hundred. While it would be more useful in a massive melee, it was obvious that the Reptilians wouldn't want to approach Ryan's domain before they destroy the barrier. The task of the Fire Golems was to delay that from happening for as long as possible. Not only will that prevent Ryan's last line of defense from collapsing too soon, but it also would grant the chance for Ryan to keep attacking unrestrained for longer.

Fire Golem  Lv 60

Health: 7.000/7.000

Mana: 7.000/7.000

Stamina: 7.000/7.000

Strength: 1500

Dexterity: 1500

Speed: 300

Intelligence: 1500

Endurance: 1500

Control: 1500

Mentality: 1500

Luck: 300

Recovery: 5000

Willpower: 1500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Fire Charge Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills: Steel Skin Lv 40, Focus Lv 40

Spells: Explosive Bullet Lv 40, Explosive Arrow Lv 40

Support Skills: Earth Resistance Lv 150, Fire Resistance Lv 150

While they were marching, the Fire Golems began to bombard the Reptilians army with Explosive Bullets. While that wasn't their most powerful or useful spell, at least that slowed down the enemies' army and made the Fire Golems enter their radar.

The Reptilians began to fire Ice Spears toward them once the Fire Golems left Ryan's domain. However, Ryan gave the order for his monsters to use Fire Charge. The flames around their bodies increased for a second while they dashed hundreds of meters forward in a few moments, rendering the Ice Spears completely useless.

The enemies' army kept firing Ice Spears, so Ryan decided to go all-out and made the Fire Golems use Fire Charge many more times and they only stopped when they hit against the enemies' army. The Ice Walls were shattered in pieces, and several Reptilians were knocking down.

"Oh, man what a sight," Ryan grinned from ear to ear. "Maybe I don't really need a human army."

Ryan gave the order for his golems to use Fire Charge once again in order to break the enemy's formation. When the Fire Golems advanced a few more meters, Ryan used several SPE potions and increased his reaction and overall speed. Ryan's firing speed increased as well, and he managed to quickly kill dozens of monsters wounded by his golems. Still, much to Ryan's surprise, thousands of Reptilians began to march toward the domain while ignoring the Fire Golems. As if that wasn't enough, Ryan suddenly saw his golems flying no, they have been attacked, and the weight behind the attacks made the Fire Golems move several meters skyward. After that, some mages made the Fire Golems explode by decreasing their health with Ice Spears.

"Damn, bosses" Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance once he saw Eci moving around and making several golems fly to avoid the damage of the Self-Destruct skill. "I should have killed all of them when I had the chance all over again."

As much as that annoyed him, Ryan decided to leave the bosses for later. He still had five more groups of Fire Golems in which he could move, so that was just a minor nuisance from his perspective. Besides, Ryan had other reasons to keep his head cool

Congratulations! The class: Combat Archer has reached the level 92.

Your stamina and dexterity increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control increased by three points.

Ryan smiled. He just needed eight more levels. He will be able to grant those fucker Reptilians a very nasty surprise probably. In fact, Ryan had no idea what would happen once he got a special class. At the very least, he will gain some status bonuses and three skills, but the skills would be at level one. So, it was hard to tell if something would actually happen

Ryan gave the order for the second platoon of Fire Golems to march toward the fight. Again, his sole goal was to prevent giving the monsters the chance to attack the barrier. Even if most of them were melee soldiers, a lot of damage would be caused by Ice Spears. Just like before, the Fire Golems closed the distance by using Fire Charge several times. However, the Reptilians ignored them by jumping all at the same time.

"The hell" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "That coordination"

As if that wasn't annoying enough, the Reptilians fired numerous Ice Spears toward the barrier. Ryan tried to deflect those projectiles with his own, but the difference in numbers was just too big. In their first attack, the Reptilians caused a lot of damage to the barrier, and before Ryan could kill them all, they kept attacking relentlessly. Those mob monsters didn't have the semi-immortality of the bosses. Still, they were ready to sacrifice their single lives to attain victory

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1