Chapter 477: Artemis' Disciple

Chapter 477: Artemis' Disciple

Ryan equipped his Spiritualist's Crossbow and began to pull the trigger to destroy the Ice Spears. When the objects collided, obviously Ryan's projectiles won. They had a special effect that granted them the chance to drain mana. The Reptilians bosses were meleed fighters. So, their magic attacks were seriously lacking.

Since he focused on standing still while flying and destroying the magic projectiles, the other bosses also used that chance to make their spears touch the barrier and drain mana from it. They also began to attack Ryan using Ice Spears.

"Hehe, dumbasses." Ryan grinned from ear to ear.

Although sixty or so bosses were firing several Ice Spears at Ryan every second, they never managed to hit him once. The effect of his DEX potions still was working, so even though Ryan could fire eight times fewer projectiles every second, due to the nature of the bolts and the power of his attacks, they were ten times stronger than the half-assed spells of melee fighters.

Ryan could easily kill those stupid oversized lizards if he wanted. They had their backs against the barrier, so they didn't have any place to escape. However, he didn't do it he let them drain mana from the barrier and attack him as much as they wanted. A confrontation like that where both sides could continuously attack nonstop was the best thing Ryan could use to make himself stronger.

Congratulations! The class: Combat Archer has reached level 98.

Your dexterity and stamina increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control increased by three points.

"Come on come on, just a little more," Ryan smiled while moving his crossbow around to hit the Ice Spears.

Eci couldn't help but frown while looking at Ryan. He couldn't understand his actions. Even though he didn't know the full extent of his power, what Ryan was doing right now didn't make any sense and yet, Eci couldn't think of anything else to do. They couldn't destroy the crystal and thus make Ryan lose his rights as a dungeon master unless the barrier disappears. They couldn't defeat Ryan in a direct fight since he could freely use Teleport. However, what he couldn't truly understand was how come Ryan could have access to so much mana outside his domain he had no idea that Ryan was making the Fire Golems self-destruct, and that was killing dozens of Reptilians every second.

In the end, Eci confirmed his fears. Ryan's smile suddenly grew wider, even though he didn't notice any changes in the fight or on his strength.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Hunter, Archer, and Combat Archer? Y/N?

Ryan had no idea why the system asked that there was no downside in sacrificing certain classes since apparently. Unless the sacrificed classes determine the special class obtained. Regardless, Ryan chose yes

Congratulations! You received the class Artemis' Disciple. You learned the skills: Hunters' Eye, Lunar Arrow, and Enhanced Concentration. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by twelve points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by six points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hunter's Eye.

Effect: When used, it shows the points in your target's body where the chances of them blocking your projectiles are low. When hitting those points, you will cause ten percent more damage per level

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Lunar Arrow.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire an arrow of condensed light that comes from the moon, and it is almost impossible to defend against. It can be used only at night, and the circles of the moon affect the power of the projectile. The damage caused is equal to your intelligence plus dexterity multiplied 250% per level.

Cost: 500 mana.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Enhanced Concentration.

Effect: It passively increases your dexterity by twenty points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 60 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 58th

You obtained Heroic Swordsmanship tome.

Ryan was waiting for just a single surprise, but he got several in the end. The name of the class was quite weird given that he had faced Medusas before, it wouldn't be hard to believe that someday he might find the Greek goddess of hunt what will happen if such a day really comes? Regardless, Ryan decided to fight seriously because he already achieved his goal.

Ryan's attack output suddenly increased when he used Chaotic Arrows. The massive release of magic arrows surprised the bosses. Their power added with Ryan's ordinary attacks finally overpowered the enemies. Some of them got hit and were forced to stop their attacks. Ryan used that chance to use Hunter's Eye and then move away from that position. When he landed on the ground, he saw that the monsters had the same weak points the wheels of their right foot.

"What are they? Achilles?" Ryan frowned. "No that is their current weak point because of their instance."

Weirdly enough, all the bosses were right-handed. So, at the moment, their pivot leg was relatively unprotected since they would try to protect their exposed left side. Ryan's DEX potions' effects were about to end, so he hurried to attack the monsters. When they finally found him, Ryan fired his bolts while also activating Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim. Some monsters tried to block his attacks by using Ice Shields, but they didn't work this time. The shields were shattered into pieces, just like their right legs. In a single moment, he had knocked down twenty or so of the bosses.

Meanwhile, the others couldn't help but stare at him in shock if Ryan could have done that before, why didn't he do it? The answer was simple: Ryan wanted to make them realize the difference in power.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1