Chapter 476: Almost There

Chapter 476: Almost there

Much sooner than he expected, Ryan was forced to send his third and four group of Fire Golems to stop the Reptilians. In the end, his troops failed at keeping the enemies at a distance where they couldn't attack the barrier. Still, at the very least, the enemies reached a point where they were starting to activate his Magic Traps and receiving considerable damage. However, such thoughts disappeared from Ryan's mind when he noticed that the battlefield had become a scorched wasteland thanks to his Fire Golems.

"I can use that" Ryan muttered.

Ryan gave the order to his Golems to stop fighting and then turn to their left side. Soon afterward, all of them used Fire Charge, burning the ground of the battlefield even more. However, Ryan didn't stop there. He made his Fire Golems move toward their two o'clock, and then they used Fire Charge again. They repeated that two more times until some parts of the ground had melted and even became hot like magma. The heat distorted the vision of the Reptilians, and their attack and movement speed decreased considerably.

"It is now or never" Ryan muttered.

Ryan relentlessly attacked the closest Reptilians and killed dozens of them in a few moments. However, the sorceress on the enemy's side cast some spell that made cold winds decrease the temperature and even snow. As if that wasn't enough, the bosses who stayed in the back lines for the past few minutes began to focus on the Fire Golems again.

"Go and kill those fuckers," Ryan said and then made his remaining Fire Golems join the fight.

The Fire Golems used Fire Charge several times until they reached the sorcerers in the backline. When the bosses finally noticed what Ryan was planning, the spells had already been stopped, and the tide of the battle changed in Ryan's favor again.

When the bosses tried to save the sorcerers, Ryan couldn't help but smirk. He even went as far as stopping firing his bolts for a second to do that

"Explode," Ryan said.

In the end, the fifth and sixth group of golems exploded even before a single one of them had suffered critical damage. However, in exchange for that, hundreds of Reptilian sorcerers died alongside a few of their bosses. Ryan only used his crossbows after a few seconds since the massive continuous explosions made the whole area tremble for a while.

Fearing that Ryan would make the same thing happen again if they got too close, Eci made the bosses move away from the Fire Golems and from the battlefield. He could lose as many minions as he wanted, but he couldn't risk losing all of his generals again. Not against an enemy that already defeated all of them once in the past.

Much to Ryan's surprise, Eci turned the bosses into a detached force and made them move around the barrier in order to attack in a place where the golems couldn't get in their way. Ryan suddenly saw himself in a bind since the number of Reptilians still was at least ten times larger than Fire Golems. Moreover, the seventy or so bosses could easily cause equal damage to the barrier that would be equal to thousands of level two hundred monsters it wasn't a power that he could underestimate.

"Now what" Ryan said and then took a deep breath to calm down.

Ryan could always ask Femradiel for help, but in the end, he decided not to do it. Instead of that, he gave Furball the order to help the Fire Golems while he will fight the bosses. Without the support of the sorcerers, they probably won't last long or so Ryan was hoping.

Congratulations! The class: Combat Archer has reached level 96.

Your dexterity and stamina increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control increased by three points.

"Not yet, huh" Ryan sighed while he was running toward the bosses. "I guess these guys won't help me with that all that much."

When the bosses began to attack the barrier, Ryan teleported to behind them and then proceeded to pull the trigger of his crossbows. However, much to his surprise, even though the monsters didn't turn around, some Ice Shields appeared to protect them. That was odd there were no sorcerers around. All of them had probably been exterminated by the Fire Golems

The surprises didn't end there. The Ice Shields was quite sturdy as well. Ryan point blank attacks took a while to destroy a single one of them, and when that happened, all the bosses were already ready to fire Ice Spears toward him. Ryan teleported to several hundred meters skyward and decided to go all out for real. He used all the DEX potions he had made in the last few days. He reached a level of power where every single kick of his crossbows decreased his health by dozens of points, and his weapons also would receive some damage with every single shot. However, the new Ice Shields became useless at the same time, and the bosses began to explode in pieces after getting hit by just a few bolts.

"Spread!" Eci shouted.

The bosses obeyed Eci's orders without any hesitation, but the surprises didn't end there. The Reptilians spread, but not to attack Ryan, but to attack the barrier. When some of them made their weapons touch the barrier, they finally pointed their other hand toward Ryan.

"Sons of a bitch" Ryan said, visibly astonished.

Dozens of Ice Spears flew toward Ryan. To think that those fuckers would replicate the strategy he used against them. They either wanted to die horribly, or they really couldn't think of anything else in order to defeat Ryan.

Ryan summoned his shield to block the magic projectiles and then proceeded to ponder about the best way to make those fuckers regret that choice. In the end, there was an obvious way to make them feel true despair and that method would actually help Ryan a lot.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1