Chapter 470: Spiritualit'S Spear

Chapter 470: Spiritualit's Spear

Before the monsters could get too close to Ryan, he tried to see what he could do. His crossbow was working as usual, but not a single spell was being activated. Ryan couldn't even use his Spatial Manipulation.

"I guess this is just like me, one time getting worried about failure and soon after getting carried away," Ryan said and then pointed his crossbow at one of the bosses trying to encircle her. "Let's just learn this lesson and take it to heart."

Fortunately, Ryan could tell that his passive skills were still working. So, the barrier was just a field created by mages to make active skills and spells impossible to use. Mages and archers would have a hard time fighting in there, but not warriors. Unfortunately, the bosses that had been waiting for Ryan to fall for the trap were all warrior types.

After selecting a target, Ryan fired his explosive bolts at a Reptilian armed with a long spear. He tried to destroy his legs first, but the bastard blocked the darts with his weapon. After just a few hits, the monsters' weapon broke, and Ryan clicked his tongue he was hoping to use that while he recovers some of his mana. His current crossbows consumed a lot of it, after all.

Five Reptilians armed with spears dashed toward Ryan with their weapons ready to stab him. He tried by force by habit to escape by using Teleport and Flash, but he failed. Ryan clenched his teeth and then fired two times against the monsters in front of him. The explosions stopped their charge, and Ryan moved toward them. After jumping, Ryan hit the face of a Reptilian with a dropkick. Still, the monster only moved a couple of meters. However, Ryan exploded the monster's arms with his bolts and then grabbed its spear.

Spiritualist's Spear

Effect: It drains two percent of the damage caused in the form of the target's mana.

Strength + 80, Speed + 40

Durability: 140/140

For some reason, Analysis worked probably because it was a skill that doesn't interfere with his surroundings. Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance it looked like they had prepared that trap since the very beginning. Eci's surprise when he saw Ryan probably had been an act. Maybe it was just a coincidence, but considering that he could see that every weapon in the bosses hands emitted a light red, blue, or green glow, he doubted that was the case.

After getting his hands on a new weapon, Ryan made sure to pierce it in the neck of the monster he just attacked. Causing damage over time, Ryan was also recovering some extra mana over time. He used that to stop the charge of the other monsters. However, other Reptilians leaped and decided to attack him from above as well.

Ryan raised the body of the wounded Reptilian and used it as a shield. Much to his surprise, that didn't stop the boss from cutting its body into pieces and then trying to cut down Ryan as well.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

Ryan clenched his teeth since there was no place to run and just fired his crossbow wildly, causing some explosions that grew in size and then engulfed him and the monsters. Ryan damaged some of the Reptilians heavily, but others still managed to make their weapons cut and pierce him. While enduring the pain amidst the thick cloud of smoke, Ryan pointed his crossbow and fired in the direction the weapons that hit him came from.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

After feeling the movement of the wind caused by the swing of some spears, Ryan hurried to grab the weapons that belonged to the fallen bosses. Holding three spears together with a single hand wasn't something easy, but Ryan was forced to do so since the effects of the weapons could stack with each other.

Upon noticing that attacking from all directions wasn't the best of their ideas, the bosses decided to get together and enter a formation. Although not all of them had spears, and not a single one of them had shields, they still entered tortoise formation because some ice shields suddenly appeared before them.

"What the hell" Ryan frowned.

Ryan thought that magic couldn't be used from inside the barrier, but it looked like some people from outside could interfere. Now that Ryan thought about it, some reptilians mages were probably the ones who created that magic trap. They were also the ones who gave the bosses those shields.

"Eighty-one bosses" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I guess they also prepared another trap on the other side of the valley. I have to finish this before the others can join this fight since I don't know if the casters of this barrier can open holes for others to enter."

Ryan fired and tried to focus his projectiles on a single point. However, much to his surprise, the shield only cracked a little after getting hit by five bolts. As if that wasn't enough, the ice shield began to repair itself which was probably once again the mages trying to annoy Ryan.

Ryan sighed while the Reptilians slowly began to march toward him. They sacrificed their speed, but in exchange, their survivability increased tenfold. Ryan's condition worsened since he could only use and recover so much mana without relying on spells or potions.

"Usually, this would be the moment where Femradiel or Furball would come to my rescue and save my ass from this troublesome situation," Ryan said while smiling. "But I guess things won't be that convenient."

It was time to go all-out and care about the small stuff. Later, Ryan pointed his crossbow at the bosses in front of him and then bombarded them with explosive bolts. By using all his mana, Ryan destroyed all the ice shields in front of him and damaged the arms of some of them. He put his crossbow on his back with lightning speed and then dashed toward the monsters with his spears in his hands.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1