Chapter 471: Pieces Of...

Chapter 471: Pieces of...

The monsters' frowned when they saw someone as fragile as Ryan dashing toward them with spears in their hands. However, they changed their minds about his weakness in melee combat when he suddenly disappeared from their sight. Then, four Reptilians lost their eyes.

The monsters around tried to surround Ryan now that he couldn't use his crossbow, but even though they didn't break their formation, he still moved forward as if he couldn't care less about their plans.

The Reptilians that still had their shields pointed their spears toward Ryan and raised their shields as well, but that didn't stop him. Ryan jumped and then landed on the ice shields protecting the heads of the bosses and then, with all his might, attacked them. The monsters frowned when the spears pierced the shields and managed to wound them to some extent. They underestimated Ryan's brute strength. They also couldn't imagine that he has been eating dragon hearts lately, which improved his physical strength considerably in the last few days.

The Reptilians below him tried to stab Ryan, but he only suffered a few scratches in his legs since he jumped skyward with all his might. Unfortunately, that gave the monsters the chance to organize and create a kill zone on the place he was going to land. However, before he could fall, Ryan equipped his crossbow and once again used all his mana to cause several explosions and raise another curtain of smoke in the middle of the enemies.

In the last moment, the Reptilians used their shields to protect themselves, and that gave Ryan the chance to land on some shields instead of the spears. However, the monsters tried to stab him again even though they couldn't see Ryan. That hurt like hell, but Ryan let them hit him. When his legs got pierced, Ryan found exactly where the head of his enemies was and didn't hesitate in impaling them.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

You obtained 45.000 coins.

Ryan made sure to let his spears drain enough health and mana from his foes before the monsters could die and the smoke dissipated.

Before that could happen, several of the Reptilians moved away from the smoke curtain. Then suddenly, two of them got attacked by spears that flew toward their heads. They managed to block the projectiles with the ice shields. Still, those received considerable damage and could withstand the power of a single explosive bolt when Ryan fired them. Once again, two other Reptilians died when explosive bolts landed on their heads.

The smokescreen finally dissipated, and Ryan's figure half covered in blood made the monsters flinch. He was indeed winning the fight, but the angry expression on his face couldn't make anyone think that was the case.

"Stop staring," Ryan said. "I don't have all day to deal with pieces of shit like you."

The Reptilians understood Ryan's words clearly, but they didn't let themselves get taunted by them. They had created that trap knowing that Ryan wasn't someone they could underestimate, after all. Still, it looked like the measures they had made for him weren't enough since his strength and skill set also increased in the last three months.

Regardless, Ryan was already tired of fighting like that. His crossbows had become as useful as his limbs, so fighting without them was beyond annoying or unpleasant. It was time to trust even more on the growth he had thanks to the dragon hearts, or Ryan could look for a less direct solution to the problem. The Reptilians assumed another defensive formation to face Ryan. If anything, they sure were disciplined. Despite being bosses, they never let their pride get in the way of the mission.

In the end, Ryan decided to ignore them and grabbed the Spiritualist's Spears that were on the ground before leaving the area by running. The Reptilians were caught off guard since they didn't imagine that Ryan would do that. Ryan quickly reached the boundaries of the magic barrier and found on the corners several Reptilians wearing robes and equipped with a magic staff. Without hesitating, Ryan tried to attack them with Spiritualist's Spears, but the magic barrier stopped him. However, the barrier was weakened thanks to the effect of the spears. Not only that, but the weapons also drained some mana from it.

"Well, well, this certainly will be useful," Ryan smiled.

When the bosses finally caught off with Ryan, they were received by a rain of explosive bolts. They were forced to slow down again since some of them died. However, Ryan was forced to stop. Eventually, he didn't recover enough mana to keep doing that endlessly. He needed more of those spears

Before the monsters could push Ryan even more against the wall, he dashed toward them again. However, this time the monsters abandoned all possibilities of assuming a defensive stance. They just pointed their weapons at Ryan in order to wound him with his own crazy charge. That worked like a charm for them. Even when several spears pierced his flesh and broke his bones, Ryan didn't hesitate in moving forward. Not even his energy being drained prevented Ryan from landing another dropkick on the face of a Reptilian. At the same time, he grabbed two more of the Spiritualist's Spears.

The number of weapons on his hands increased so much that Ryan had to carry the spears under his left arm. With that many, he probably could drain enough mana from the barrier and keep using his crossbow endlessly. However, the number of weapons also slowed him down. Before Ryan could turn around and retreat a little, his back was pierced by several spears. The monsters laughed ecstatically when Ryan stopped moving for a second In the end, he suddenly charged forward and made all the spears under his control pierce a single Reptilian. A lot of colors suddenly returned to Ryan's face, and then Ryan's wounds closed a little.

Congratulations! The Bloodthirst skill has leveled up!

You obtained 01 status point.

"Finally, this crap skill is healing me fast enough," Ryan muttered and then equipped his crossbow again. "I hope you had enjoyed this golden opportunity because you won't have another again."

Class: Hunter Lv Max (+ 04 UP / Elementalist Lv 70 (+ 05 UP) / Monk Lv 16 (--)

Race: Night Demon /Reptilian/ Ice Fox (--)

Rank: 66th

Health: 3380/3380 (7,74/s)

Mana: 4915/4915 (7,74/s)

Stamina: 4919/4919 (7,74/s)

Strength: 131 (+186) (+130)

Dexterity: 3650 (+3090) (+350)

Speed: 620 (+1365) (+48)

Intelligence: 481 (+1050) (+33)

Endurance: 358 (+162) (+160)

Control: 526 (+1504) (+10)

Mentality: 408 (+79) (+70)

Luck: 580 (+25)

Recovery: 1850 (+1950) (+845)

Willpower: 430 (+71) (+40)

Coins: 35.956.362

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Evading Shot Lv 01

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 98 (+ 05 UP), Concentration Lv 98 (+ 05 UP), Archery Lv 98 (+ 05 UP), Accuracy Lv 98 (+ 05 UP), Gunmanship Lv 01, Improved Luck Lv 01, Improved Recovery Lv 01, Hunt Lv 01, Bounty Lv 01

Spells: Mana-Eater Lv 20 (+ 04 UP), Animalistic Transference Lv 07 (+ 06 UP), Magic Gun Lv 01, Summon Fire Golem Lv 12 (+ 11 UP),

Support Skills: Master's Support Lv 37 (+ 05 UP),

Classes:

Combat: Sage Lv 75 (+ 04 UP), Beastmaster Lv 60 (+ 04 UP), Archer Lv 92 (+ 04 UP), Summoner Lv 46 (+ 04 UP), Combat Archer Lv 87 (+ 03 UP), Sniper Lv 65 (+ 03 UP), Sentinel Lv 53 (+ 05 UP), Ranger Lv 43 (+ 05 UP), Hexblade Lv 19 (+ 07 UP), Tamer Lv 07 (+ 06 UP),

Non-Combatant:

Race: Centaur, Lesser Dragon

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1