Chapter 479: It Is Time

Chapter 479: It is time

Ryan was fairly certain that his assumptions weren't off the mark. Still, he didn't have to worry about that since his domain entered the radar of many other creatures and dungeon masters. From now on, the fights won't become easier, so that wasn't actually a problem. What was a problem was which classes Ryan should try to reach the max level next?

"Before that, I need to get the classes of those two dungeons" Ryan muttered.

"All right, all right I already made you waste too much time," Femradiel said. "Can I at least defeat the bosses myself? It shouldn't take long and you can keep an eye on the domain by using Animalistic Transference."

"You somehow always succeed in making me think that I am getting in your way," Ryan frowned. "I guess that is fine I need a break after this fight anyway."

Ryan entered the Giant Skull's dungeon and then eventually found Femradiel's Wyrm form using magic to stop the boss's attacks, which was a giant skull covered in flames, and when a new Giant Skull spawned, she quickly froze it and turned into an ice statue.

Fiery Giant Skull  Lv 70

Health: 7.600/17.000

Mana: 15.500/26.000

Stamina: 9000/9000

Strength: 400

Dexterity: 1600

Speed: 750

Intelligence: 7500

Endurance: 1500

Control: 1700

Mentality: 4500

Luck: 450

Recovery: 15000

Willpower: 4500

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Focus Lv 60, Improved Intelligence Lv 60, Augmented Intelligence Lv 50

Spells: Mana Shield Lv 80, Fire Storm Lv 80, Ice Storm Lv 70, Fire Lance Lv 90

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 140, Cold Resistance Lv 100, Shock Resistance Lv 90

"You really are strengthening yourself and them at the same time, huh," Ryan frowned.

"Who do you think is stronger? A level one hundred dragon or a level one hundred slime?" Femradiel asked.

"Right now, you are not a dragon, you are a Wyrm," Ryan said.

"The difference in strength still is that obvious," Femradiel said.

Ryan was too tired to argue with Femradiel. He just wanted to clear those two dungeons and then take a nap. It has been days since he had one, and considering that the number of possible troublemakers was increasing, he had to use all the chances he could get to rest.

"If Artemis' Disciple is a tier six class, I guess the class sacrifice isn't that simple," Ryan thought before he could decide his middle-term goal. "It isn't just a matter of three plus three plus three equals nine With that in mind, if I focus on leveling up tier one classes, I certainly won't get a class as good as the new one. Perhaps I won't even obtain a tier four class"

Classes like Elementalist and Sage were the closest ones to reach the level max. The only problem was that Ryan barely uses the Elementalist class anymore. As for the Sage class, it levels up naturally when Ryan fights against numerous opponents. Aside from those two, only Sniper was above level sixty

"I guess I will have to wait for a while longer before sacrificing three classes to obtain a special one," Ryan shrugged.

That was quite an interesting feature of the system, but in the end, Ryan's main path to becoming stronger was to rely on bows and crossbows. Instead of messing up with his build even more than he already did, Ryan decided to keep doing the same thing he did against the Reptilians: keep doing the basics and then level up only classes like Sniper, Sentinel, and Ranger.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Mystic Knight, Sniper, and Storm Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

In the end, Femradiel apparently fought during the last few days while holding back. Even alone, she could easily clear a tier-three dungeon at her level. That became clear once she defeated the boss in just a few minutes. Regardless, while Ryan could see two new classes, he already had the option that he usually would go for it was a pity, but his lucky stream had been broken.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Mystic Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Repel, Magic Rupture, and Pain Immunity.

Your health and mana will increase by six points, your stamina, recovery, endurance, and willpower will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Repel.

Effect: It grants you the power to consume your mana to completely nullify the damage of a physical attack and then reflect toward the target by consuming the same amount of mana used previously. The mana consumed equals the damage caused minus the level of the skill multiplied by fifty

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Rupture.

Effect: It grants you the power to attack the ground and cause magic damage on all opponents within the range of the skill. The damage equals the mana used multiplied by the skill level, and range equals five meters multiplied by the level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Pain Immunity.

Effect: It decreases the effect of pain caused by all types of attacks by ten points per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Despite everything, the Mystic Knight class still pleasantly surprised Ryan. While he would rather not use Rupture and Repel will only come in handy in some drastic situations, Pain Immunity was a skill Ryan wasn't expecting to receive. That one will certainly come in handy in the future when he starts to receive a lot of damage and won't have many chances to focus on aiming the only problem was that to train that skill, he will have to let the enemies get too close, and that was against his nature as a long-range fighter.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1