Chapter 478: Victory?

Chapter 478: Victory?

Only ten more bosses had to lose their legs to make the others realize that their plan wouldn't work anymore. This time they seriously split in all directions while they were trying to move in Ryan's blind spots. In the end, Ryan only sighed he finally understood why those monsters were fighting alone instead of alongside with others that served Echidna. They were too weak and dumb to be of any use. They were so desperate to impress their mother that they couldn't see some obvious weakness in their plans or that they didn't have what was necessary to defeat a dungeon master.

Ryan just teleported back to his domain and then proceeded to finish off the heavily wounded bosses. At the same time, he picked the fallen weapons. While he already had five of those with the same effects, the more, the merrier.

Slowly but surely, the bosses began to move away from Ryan's domain. It was only obvious after everything they experimented so far, but it was also a bit too late for that. Ryan used Hunter's Eye again and confirmed that their weak spots had changed and not all of the bosses shared the same any longer. That was a bit troublesome. Moreover, the DEX potions effects were finally gone.

"Well, it is time to change tactics a little bit," Ryan said and then made the Spiritualist's Spears fly and spin with Telekinesis.

At the same time, Ryan grabbed several INT potions from his storage dimension and used them. The spears suddenly began to spin faster while making a high-pitched sound that made the Reptilians sweat cold. Controlling dozens of those cost Ryan a lot of mana. Still, thanks to his golems, he had enough to spare and even fire them only after activating Deadly Aim and Perfect Aim.

The bosses began to run away the very moment the spears flew toward them. Only a single one of them stayed behind to block the projectiles. That was Eci. He tried to attack Ryan's projectiles, but his own weapon broke on the first try. He opened his eyes widely in shock, but then the shock also disappeared from his face when the same projectile passed through him, making his body explode in several pieces.

You obtained 85.000 coins.

"I guess even bosses can give more or less coins according to their level," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Thirty or so of those bosses quickly died in the next seconds, while the others who haven't been targeted used that chance to create some distance over Ryan. That had been obviously a waste of time because Ryan quickly caught up with them by using Teleport. Besides, they were so scared that they were only running in the same direction.

"Let's see Anesthetic Crossbow will come in handy right now," Ryan said and then equipped that weapon.

Ryan quickly destroyed the limbs of his targets even though that wasn't his best weapon. Fortunately, despite the number of attacks, the Reptilians hit by it lost control over their bodies. It took a while, but Ryan managed to kill all the bosses that tried to run away while also capturing eight of them. He didn't do that to torture them for information, but because Ryan wanted to make a new weapon using their souls Ryan couldn't help but frown when he noticed that was much worse than torture.

Amphibian Crossbow (+7)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of thirty points of mana that doesn't lose speed when they are fired underwater.

Dexterity + 210, Intelligence + 119

Durability: 90/90

"Well this is a weapon really specific for certain occasions," Ryan shrugged.

After that, Ryan quickly returned to the other battlefield where his Fire Golems were. However, things weren't as nearly as chaotic as he thought. The Reptilians started their retreat a long time ago probably when the bosses decided to run away. Furball and the Fire Golems were chasing and killing ten thousand or so of those creatures, but in the end, Ryan gave them the order to stop. Not only were the golems slower, but they were also destroying everything on their paths thanks to their bodies.

"I guess we won, buddy," Ryan said and then patted Furball's head.

As usual, Ryan felt more troubled than satisfied with the result. Not only he had to see the loot of the battles, but he also had to do something about that hell-like scenario created by his golems.

"Maybe I should let Femradiel solve all of this, since she didn't help at all," Ryan said.

"Do I need to make you remember that you were the one who decided that?" Femradiel asked.

"That is a small detail," Ryan shrugged.

"How convenient for you," Femradiel said.

In the end, Ryan managed to solve things without shamelessly making Femradiel clean up his mess. Although they were covered in fire, the golems weren't damaging the land anymore, so Ryan made them collect the loot and put all the corpses in a single pile. Even though Ryan obtained thirty or so of those spears that could drain mana, he still hoped that the monsters had dropped something even more useful than that. Naturally, his hopes were shattered in pieces.

"All right let's divide the loot in three parts," Ryan said after a long sigh. "The items which will be sold, the items that will be deconstructed, and the items I will use to obtain mana."

That was another pretty tedious work, but after all that fighting, Ryan welcomed it. He also used that chance to analyze his new class. Ryan finally noticed that he didn't level it up a single time even though he killed dozens of bosses.

"Based on the bonuses in status, I can assume that is a tier six class," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I didn't notice that until now, but the more powerful a class is, the more difficult it will be to make it level up. To obtain more bonuses in status from the new class, I will have to fight tougher enemies"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1