Chapter 487: Tyrant

Chapter 487: Tyrant

In the end, to make up for his lack of harshness, Ryan trained his Red Falcons at a decent pace and whenever possible by using several other skills aside from the ones who belong to the Elementalist class. Thanks to that, they reached the same level as the Steel Eagle in five days. That was quite the accomplishment since the Steel Eagle stayed with Ryan for weeks.

"I guess it is time to defeat some dungeon masters, but I am starting to feel like I need to get a new tier three class soon," Ryan said while scratching the back of his head. "I am really becoming more and more thirsty for power, huh"

Now that he more or less broke his ties with the secret base, he couldn't rely on them to obtain certain pieces of information. The location of new dungeons was something that Ryan had to find by himself, but could he leave his domain for who knows how long in order to do that much exploration? While he could quickly cross distances, he needed a lot of mana to do that.

"Femradiel, I think it is time for you to plan the creation of another familiar," Ryan said.

"I will need at least a week to plan the type of the body," Femradiel said. "And at least another day to create it. However, I don't have any ideas for a new type of body."

"You can always just make another copy of one of those two bodies," Ryan said.

"That would be a waste of time and effort, I would rather use these rare opportunities to plan and create something that has a lot of potential," Femradiel explained.

"You are so complicated" Ryan sighed. "I need to obtain more tier three classes since it will take a while before I get another special one. Anyway, if you want to have different versions of familiars, I can't imagine you having more than a few bodies. Why limit yourself like that?"

"Are you out of all people asking me that?" Femradiel asked. "You are always refusing to use Power of Money and Draconic Transformation is asking me why am I limiting myself?"

"You got me there" Ryan laughed. "How about you create a Tyrant type of dragon? Those look really cool."

"Creating a smaller version of that is impossible," Femradiel said. "I don't think it fits my style, but I guess it is a good idea, the only problem is the stupid amount of mana I will need. It will be even larger than the mana I would need to recreate my old body."

Ryan didn't consider that, but now that he thought about it, it made a lot of sense. To make matters worse, he didn't have much knowledge about dragons. Until a few months ago, they were just fictional creatures, after all. With the exception of some oversized lizards that exist on Earth.

"I don't know what your options are, but you should consider them from now on and choose one of them as soon as possible," Ryan said. "I don't know how much time I am going to spend defeating the dungeon masters and making the Red Falcons assume their places, but it shouldn't take me more than a week."

"I think you are underestimating your enemies," Femradiel said. "Even if some dungeons spawn low-level monsters, it doesn't mean their world only has low-level monsters as well."

Ryan could only nod after hearing that. He was going to face the dungeon master that was spawning goblins, and that species of monster was one of the few that tried to build a camp in another world. Despite everything, they were a sapient species that had a pretty decent grasp of strategy. He couldn't underestimate the monster controlling them.

"All right, buddy," Ryan said while patting Furball. "You will guard this place while I am out since we can't rely on Femradiel. She is too busy hanging out with her new cool friends."

As usual, Furball barked as if he was saying yes. In any case, while his friend couldn't do much if another army comes to attack, Femradiel can always warn Ryan about the danger if something like that happens.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan began to use Teleport. It was kind of hard to use it on five different creatures at the same time, but in the end, he managed. Since there was no telling of how the mission would last, Ryan also didn't try to save mana potions. Hopefully, he will have time to craft them if he ran out of those.

Much to Ryan's surprise, he didn't find anyone guarding the goblins dungeon the mission barely started, and Ryan was already getting annoyed. The people that Daniel and the others left behind finally showed their true colors. Either they moved to another dungeon when they outgrew the goblins, or they joined the monsters' side after receiving the offer of a dungeon master. It was hard to tell since Ryan only kept an eye on them for a few days.

"There is also the possibility that they created a deserters' camp with the others that left the secret base" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Sometime in the near future, I will have to ask Femradiel to help me find some survivors' camps in the country and confirm what they are up to. Can't let troublemakers run wild for too long."

Weirdly enough, Ryan didn't find an army of goblins guarding the dungeon. He also didn't see many goblins moving around in the area. There was no camp in any place to be seen as well Most likely, the idiots in the secret base cleared the dungeon in the last few days.

Some goblins appeared and tried to block Ryan's path, but he quickly defeated them by making their head explode with a single bolt. Even though they were almost level three hundred monsters, they posed no threat to Ryan. After a couple of minutes, Ryan finally met an old enemy the hobgoblin that took his arm. It was time to pay his debt

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1