Chapter 489: Goblins' Army

Chapter 489: Goblins' Army

In the end, even after several hours of searching, Ryan didn't find the dungeon master. Knowing that they were probably the core member of the goblin society, Ryan thought such a creature would be easy to find. He even imagined the monster living in a grand castle.

"Now what?" Ryan asked. "I thought I could defeat the dungeon master before they mobilize its armies, but I guess that is too unrealistic. I will have to draw them out by massacring the goblins all over the world."

There was no other option. Something like that would have to be done sooner or later. Otherwise, Ryan would have to leave the Red Falcon behind in a world full of enemies. That made him feel a bad taste in his mouth, but it didn't prevent Ryan from making up his mind.

"Usually, I would have to worry about being surrounded since the dungeon masters can control pretty much everything in their domains, but I guess that guy is too busy since they didn't notice my presence," Ryan concluded. "That, or I just came at a time they are not here."

Although that seemed convenient, Ryan decided to play it safe. He already fell into a trap by misjudging the situation and the intelligence of his foes once, and Ryan wasn't planning on doing that again.

Ryan thought he would see all kinds of goblins in that world, but much to his surprise, he only saw the ordinary ones and the hobgoblins. There were no other variations or evolutions. Since that was the case, Ryan decided to attack them while flying on the Red Falcons' back. His first targets have been the towns around the mountain where he spawned, and he pretty much wiped out the places from the map by using the Fire Master crossbow. In just a few seconds, those towns became a sea of flames. Not even the Hobgoblins had the chance to react in time and do anything.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

You obtained 110 coins.

The smoke rose to the sky, and the inhabitants of the other towns finally noticed that an enemy had shown up. In just a couple of minutes, several battalions of goblins marched toward those places in order to hunt Ryan down. In the end, his plans to draw everyone's attention worked better than he had expected. The goblins became easy targets walking in big numbers like that. He decimated them easily with his explosive crossbows. Ryan felt quite troubled by it, but he didn't hesitate in attacking all the buildings he saw. He couldn't be nave and let any survivors hidden in those places. Even if they were children, they were monsters and his enemies.

For quite a while, Ryan destroyed town after town without having a hard time firing his bolts and attacking the monsters before they could do anything. Still, then suddenly, he felt something on his back. When he turned around, Ryan saw a massive army of goblins wearing cloaks and holding wands.

Goblin Shaman  Lv 450

Health: 10.000/10.000

Mana: 75.000/75.000

Stamina: 5.000/5.000

Strength: 500 (+100)

Dexterity: 3200

Speed: 500

Intelligence: 4500 (+900)

Endurance: 1500 (+300)

Control: 2750

Mentality: 2500 (+300)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 15.000 (+4500)

Willpower: 2500 (+300)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Intelligence Lv 100, Improved Recovery Lv 100, Augmented Recovery Lv 100

Spells: Fire Spear Lv 250, Ice Spear Lv 250, Mana Shield Lv 250

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 250, Cold Resistance Lv 250, Shock Resistance Lv 200, Wand Mastery Lv 150

"No name they must be monsters spawned from a dungeon master crystal," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "That level also confirms that"

As if they had trained that thousands of times, the Goblins shaman cast Fire Spear and fired them at Ryan at the exact same time. Even from a distance, he could tell that such an attack was leagues above the magic projectiles the Reptilians used Ryan couldn't deflect them by using his Spiritualist's Crossbow.

Ryan used Teleport and then reappeared behind the monsters' army. However, much to his annoyance and surprise, he felt that weird sensation on his back again, and Radar made Ryan confirm his worries. Another army of Goblins shaman had been summoned and was behind Ryan.

In a hurry, Ryan teleported to the sky. Still, then when he turned and aimed his crossbows at the armies below, the Goblins were already casting Fire Spears and Ice Spears toward him.

"There is no mistake, they are monsters summoned by the crystal and the dungeon master is controlling them," Ryan said and then equipped his shield while he also gave the order for his Red Falcon to fly skyward.

The number of magic projectiles that almost hit him and the Red Falcon decreased thanks to the fact that they moved away. However, each projectile that hit his shield made its durability drop considerably Some Goblins suffered damage thanks to the effects of the shield, but it hadn't been nearly enough to kill them. Moreover, even when Ryan was several kilometers above the army, their projectiles still could reach him. Fortunately, the Red Falcon had enough time to recognize the threat and dodge it at that distance.

"As expected of level four hundred monsters even if they belong to a low tier, they can't be taken lightly," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Trying to attack them near the ground won't work, surprise attacks are out of the question as well since the dungeon master can reallocate his minions freely."

In the end, Femradiel was right. Ryan really underestimated his foes to a certain extent. While he was caught off guard, he didn't feel for any traps yet. Besides, Ryan was yet to cause any damage on the Goblins shamans, and as far as he was concerned, he barely had used any offensive skill.

"I will have plenty of chances to attack, but I need to be as efficient as possible," Ryan muttered. "The enemy has more resources and the advantage of the terrain, after all."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1