Chapter 486: Unforgivable

Chapter 486: Unforgivable

" I hope that you guys understood my message," Ryan said and then returned to his human form and then prepared to leave.

"Wait, Ryan!" Daniel said. "Why did you do this? We don't have time to waste with your nonsense."

"I could say the same thing," Ryan said. "I did that because you guys have been causing some problems to me. I solved all of them until now, but it doesn't mean that I will overlook that."

"You can't just come and go and tell us what to do!" Anna shouted.

"I didn't tell you anything like that, I just told you that you will endure the proper consequences of your actions," Ryan said. "I am not your enemy, but I am not your ally either. From now on if your actions start to bother me, I will make you pay for it. Hopefully, not many of you will die, but who can tell that?"

"The hell are you talking about?"

"Don't mess with us your egotistical bastard!"

"I am talking about the deserters you let live until now and the fact that your ambitions are affecting others," Ryan replied. "Don't try to bite more than you can chew, or you might choke to death."

Although Ryan said that, it took a while for the survivors to understand his words. They were trying to be as civilized as they could, that was good, and all, but thanks to it, people like Zoe were being affected and had to work harder more than anyone. Not only that, their inability to deal with the deserters was a problem that would only escalate over time. Ryan defeated those that joined Thanatos' side, but they weren't dead per se. If Ryan had arrived one or two weeks later, perhaps he would have been the one who would have suffered defeat.

Pretty much everyone there understood Ryan's message, but despite all that, they couldn't bring themselves to forgive Ryan's actions. He had been too irrational since he risked the lives of every single survivor in the base, be they children or the elderly. Ryan also recognized that fact, and that was why he didn't want to be forgiven. Forgiveness was useless when the lives of individuals were put on the line. In any case, Ryan accomplished his goals to a certain extent. The survivors looked more angry than ashamed. Hopefully, that would be enough to make them change their lack of determination

After that, Ryan used Teleport to return to his domain, and then he sighed since that had been tiresome in many ways. He didn't want to waste time preaching to anyone. If someone were too useless or a troublemaker, he would deal with them fast to solve and prevent all possible troublesome situations. However, it couldn't have been that radical with the survivors of the secret base for many reasons.

"You have put quite the show there," Femradiel suddenly said. "Despite everything, you still hold the people there in high-regards."

"Only a few of them," Ryan said.

"If you say so," Femradiel said.

Area Lv 16: 35 square miles  Level UP cost: 370.000 coins or 3.700.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 05 Level UP cost: 2.500 coins or 25.000 mana

Barrier Lv 07

Level UP cost: 7000 coins or 70.000 mana

Army Lv 08 Level UP cost: 15.000 coins or 150.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 23 (55%) Level UP cost: 40.000 coins or 400.000 mana

Coins stored: 125.365 Mana stored: 655.842

Ryan checked the status of his domain and then used the coins they had to make several options level up. Before he went to Indianapolis, he checked things with his Steel Eagle, so he had some coins to spare with that. Now all of the seven dungeons in the area were inside his domain, but Ryan wasn't satisfied with that.

Ryan didn't have anything else to do, for the time being, so he proceeded to train his Red Falcons and his Elementalist class. While he was doing that, Ryan noticed that the Sage class leveled up a lot thanks to his show in Indianapolis. Then he considered the idea of causing more dungeon breaks in the future. As long as he chooses his targets wisely, he won't have to face things like the god of death or Echidna too early.

"Then again, even if only a few dungeons level up faster and those are not connected to the world of certain creatures, the mana level of the planet will make other dungeons grow a little bit faster," Ryan muttered to himself. "I can gain some time by doing that, and make myself more prepared when the real fight starts, the question is: should I do something like that when only I will benefit from it?"

That was quite risky, but there was another way to do that without worrying about such an obvious downside Ryan just had to defeat certain dungeon masters, make one of his pets take over their place and then summon the bosses of those domains by using the coins that he will obtain from those same places. It was quite a good idea since Ryan probably would be able to fight certain bosses more than a few times every day.

"I guess I can use that to increase the number of weapons in my arsenal, but it will take a while before I can defeat a dungeon master of a tier three dungeon" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "In any case, I already know what dungeon masters I should defeat next."

Ryan would try to defeat the dungeon masters in the same order he cleared his first dungeons. Hopefully, that won't take much time as he was imagining. There was a way for Ryan to achieve that at a decent pace. He just needed to be as harsh with his pets as he were with humans, but that was easier said than done. Being harsh with those that helped him on a daily basis was difficult without reason. While that could cause problems later on, at the very least, by being like that, he didn't have any conflicting feelings.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1