Chapter 488: Carnage Sword

Chapter 488: Carnage Sword

Carnage Sword

Goblerio (Hobgoblin)  Lv 330

Health: 25.000/25.000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 35.000/35.000

Strength: 3500 (+500)

Dexterity: 1200

Speed: 1500

Intelligence: 1500 (+200)

Endurance: 2000 (+300)

Control: 750

Mentality: 2500 (+300)

Luck: 500

Recovery: 10.000 (+1500)

Willpower: 2500 (+300)

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 150, Throw Lv 140

Passive Physical Skills: Swordsmanship Lv 250, Shield Mastery Lv 200, Improved Strength Lv 180, Improved Recovery Lv 250

Spells: Fireball Lv 150, Ice Arrow Lv 150, Stone Bullet Lv 150

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 200, Cold Resistance Lv 200, Shock Resistance Lv 200

"Oh, you do have a name," Ryan said, surprised. "It kind of sucks, though."

Despite the surprise, Ryan was quite in a good mood. Who could have thought that he would face the same motherfucker that made him lose his arm once at such a time? Ryan was so satisfied that he gave the monster the chance to attack him first. Obviously, he didn't let the attack land. He escaped by using Flash and then finally equipped his Thunder Lord crossbow. Before the monster could turn around, Ryan pulled the trigger and hit the shoulder of the creature. While he was in a good mood, Ryan also wanted to make the boss lose both of its arms. Even though Ryan only lost once

The bolt hit the monster and pierced deeply, but much to Ryan's surprise, a single attack wasn't enough to reach his goal. It looked like he was getting carried away with his recent accomplishments, that or he was looking down on the power of the enemy.

The hobgoblin muttered something impossible to understand due to the pain. Ryan used that opportunity to land several more bolts on the boss's shoulders. In the end, the creature lost both arms, and Ryan obtained their shield and sword. Hopefully, the items would have increased just like the level of the creature. However, Ryan wanted more, and he used Seal to create a magic weapon by using the monster's spirit.

Brute Crossbow

Effect: fires special bolts at the cost of thirty points of mana that causes twenty percent more damage against monsters bigger than yourself.

Dexterity + 120, Intelligence + 60

Durability: 90/90

Carnage Sword (+7)

Effect: a weapon that prevents the natural regeneration of the flesh that has been cut down by it. Only high-level purification or healing spells can counter this effect.

Strength + 129, Endurance + 68.

Durability: 80/80

Protector's Shield (+6)

Effect: decreases the damage caused by long-range attacks by three percent.

Endurance + 100, Willpower + 100

Durability: 150/150

"Ah, so it was due to the effect of the sword that I didn't heal my arm that day," Ryan said, slightly surprised. "To think that a low level monster would have such a weapon. In any case, I just confirmed that the equipment of bosses also can be upgraded."

Ryan realized that he had to study more the dungeon master system. He didn't notice that before because when he fought the Reptilians, the bosses were using special weapons forged to attack domains, and Ryan was the one who gave them that idea.

In any case, after analyzing those items, something inside Ryan's mind alerted him that perhaps defeating the dungeon master wouldn't be that easy. Given that a signal boss had access to such items, it was only natural to think that the species as a whole would have access to a lot of decent gear.

To prevent unpleasant surprises, Ryan decided to leave four of his five Red Falcons behind. They would take care of the monsters that would spawn. Meanwhile, the other one would help Ryan at least a little bit when it comes down to flying and saving some of his mana.

Ryan and the Red Falcon touched the crystal, and in the next moment, they appeared at the top of a mountain. He quickly memorized the place in case something happens that might force Ryan to run by instantly using Teleport. Still, then the place quickly disappeared from Ryan's mind when he looked around. Despite being in an alien world that belonged to Goblins, Ryan found several medium-sized towns around the mountain. They didn't look like half-assed camps built by monsters that lacked any real architect knowledge. Those were well-planned towns that have existed for several decades.

"How odd" Ryan frowned. "I was expecting to see some unusual things, but this certainly is more shocking than anything that I have imagined."

Before trying to analyze those towns, Ryan jumped on the Red Falcon's back and then gave his pet the order to fly pretty high in the sky. A red point moving around wasn't exactly hard to notice. Besides, Ryan had good eyes and could use Clairvoyance, so there was no real need to stay close.

Ryan began to frown when he noticed that the goblins' society was pretty organized. While they weren't that advanced, all of their people were doing something related to combat. The kids were training with swords, spears, and shields. Meanwhile, the adult goblins were marching around their terrain and confirming that everything was in order It looked like they were expecting some bad visitors like Ryan.

"Come to think of it wasn't I supposed to appear near the dungeon master's crystal?" Ryan frowned. "The same thing happened in the slimes world is it random the place where enemies might appear inside the domain?"

If that was the case, perhaps increasing the range of his domain was a double-edged sword Regardless, Ryan confirmed that there were hundreds of goblins towns in such a world, and in each one of them had at least a single hobgoblin that was several levels above the others. The overall goblin strength was around level 150. That was quite impressive, considering that they probably didn't have many monsters to hunt in such a world. That was interesting, but Ryan was more interested in finding the dungeon master, and it looked like that would take a while.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1