Chapter 484: Disappointment

Chapter 484: Disappointment

Before the monster could actually kill Daniel, his father dashed toward him and attacked the monster with everything he got. Surprisingly enough, the Giant Golem was knocked down, but John's fists started to bleed a lot after that attack. Somehow, Daniel used Heal before he could fall unconscious and prevented himself from becoming a burden to others. However, now he didn't have a weapon, and his arms will take a while to properly heal. Instead of looking for a dropped item to substitute his broken sword, he just decided to fight by kicking the monsters.

"He sure is muscle-head," Ryan laughed.

"What is so funny?" Katelyn, the woman who slew a dragon without a single class, asked.

"Don't you think that is funny?" Ryan frowned. "I mean look at that"

"Someone trying really hard to survive and struggling that much isn't funny!" Katelyn raised her voice.

"I think everything is a matter of perspective," Ryan shrugged.

" You are not the man I thought you were," Katelyn said, and she didn't try to hide her disgust.

"Yep, you shouldn't judge a book by its cover," Ryan nodded.

Katelyn stayed outside Ryan's radar, probably because she wasn't fighting, but she was doing something far more important than that. She was using the monsters' spirits to create specialized weapons weapons that would grant extra power against certain types of foes.

"So, she can easily do that, huh," Ryan said, visibly impressed. "I guess I have a long way ahead of me when it comes to weapon creation."

Unlike Ryan, who would give the weapons she was making to the most powerful survivors, Katelyn was giving them to the people who were struggling most of all groups. It was probably thanks to her that not a single person fled from the battlefield then again, humans could only fight for so long at their peak. As for the golems they don't tire. While they were only tiered two monsters, they certainly were among the worst types of monsters humans could face.

Ryan was starting to feel like he was wasting an excellent opportunity to train his low-level classes and obtain some massive amounts of coins. However, despite that, he decided to just watch everything. What would be the point of causing those dungeon breaks and then solving the issue himself? Those dumbasses wouldn't learn anything from that

In the end, the result really surprised Ryan. Despite the overwhelming disadvantage, the survivors of the base managed to prevent the monsters from entering the small town in which their headquarters was located below. Ryan didn't want to think that something as cheesy as that the wish to protect their new home and the kids who stayed behind motivated them but ignoring that possibility would certainly be foolish. Maybe it was a matter of compatibility, but Mia by far was the one who slew most monsters. Unlike the pathetic expressions that she showed Ryan many times during the last six months, she really looked like a battle-hardened warrior while she was killing the giant bees, even though she was bleeding heavily from several scratches caused by the monsters.

"I guess this is it, huh" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Around noon and thanks to Mia, the number of Giant Bee Bosses finally reached the one-digit mark. Even from far away, Ryan could already see Mia giving orders to other survivors to go and help the other groups. The number of ordinary monsters coming from the dungeon in that direction was also less than one thousand, so they would have pacified the region in just a few minutes. However, Ryan had other plans for them

"Now then, how should I do this?" Ryan asked. "I can always do it and then play dumb, but that isn't something I would like to do. As for the other method, I will end up making myself an enemy out of everyone here Well, who cares?"

Ryan pointed his crossbow and the Giant Bees dungeon and then pulled the trigger. Everyone in that direction heard the high-pitching sound of an object passing above them. Mia frowned when she noticed that something came from Ryan's direction and her face went pale when another earthquake happened.

"Ryan?" Mia muttered in shock.

Everyone that knew Ryan slightly had considered that possibility but in the end, they refused to admit that Ryan had gone mad to the point of risking the safety of everyone in the secret base. Some directly questioned his sanity with those who interacted more than a few times with him. Still, in the end, they couldn't show any proof that Ryan someday would become a threat now they had the proof that they needed.

Until now, somehow, thanks to everyone's hard work, not a single survivor had died. Many of them were in pain due to some serious injuries, but only that. However, if someone dies now, everyone will see Ryan as an enemy. That thought alone made Mia feel shivers. Despite everything, despite the fact that she was about to move on with her life, she didn't want to see others considering him an enemy.

"Quickly! Gather the loot and equip whatever suits you best!" Mia shouted. "Be quick and don't fight over it!"

They had a few seconds before the new monsters could arrive, but Mia knew that wasn't enough. She began to advance toward the dungeon, charging a Power Shot with one of her crossbows and then slaying the Giant Bees with the other. Her power and skill reached a point where she could do that with relative ease.

When the next horde of monsters finally showed up, Mia welcomed them with her Power Shot. Instantly, hundreds of Giant Bees were decimated by her attack. Still, at best, she bought only ten or so seconds with her attack.

While everyone was trying hard to upgrade their gear as fast as possible, Ryan watched the three battlefields with a serious expression. Despite everything, those people still had some spirit in them. They were exhausted and in pain, but Ryan couldn't see anyone who looked that was about to flee. Running away in that situation wouldn't solve anything, after all

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1