Chapter 485: Conclusion

Chapter 485: Conclusion

"I guess they aren't a lost cause," Ryan muttered. "Still, I think they need another push"

Ryan came to the secret base with the idea of forcing these idiots to become truly desperate and then make them reach another level of strength. Until now, at least from Ryan's perspective, they have been trying to survive while relying on the customs of the old human society. That was working fairly well given that they had one thousand or so survivors that wouldn't run away even in a situation like that. However, it wasn't enough they needed to become thirstier for power while also maintaining some aspects of their naivety. By fighting and overcoming that hardship, their teamwork will probably reach another level as well. Still, unless all of them at least see death in front of them a few times in a single day, they will never survive when the true hardships start to happen.

"They obviously need a common enemy, someone who will make them angry a target to surpass no matter what," Ryan nodded to himself. "A monster can't play that role I guess the obvious option is me."

After thinking for a while, Ryan considered the downsides of his plan. He was quite tired of being so edgy all the time. Still, in the end, he couldn't find any other way to draw the hatred of these people aside from causing them such a massive problem and then mock his efforts later. The first goal was more or less achieved. He just needed to make the other dungeons break a few times and then solve all problems before they suffered heavy casualties.

"Yep, I can't think of a better option" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

It would be great if the demon generals could have caused more problems for the survivors right now. That way, Ryan would be able to avoid certain issues. Still, if the worst comes to the worst, Ryan can always take some really drastic measures and solve the whole problem. In fact, he decided to do that right now.

Ryan pointed his crossbows at the dungeons and then pulled the trigger. A few seconds later, another earthquake made the whole area tremble. If anyone had any doubts that Ryan wasn't an ally, those doubts vanished. He was the one who caused the whole situation, and if someone dies, he will be the culprit.

"Have you lost your mind, Ryan?" Daniel shouted.

"You don't have time to waste shouting," Ryan said. "Show me what dumbasses like yourselves can do, I want to see idiots trying to bite more than they can chew."

Anger and confusion filled the face of those who knew Ryan. He wasn't making any sense. It was only obvious since he had gone mad Regardless, when the new wave of monsters arrived, they forgot about him and focused their senses on the fight. However, the result had already been decided

Even Mia, who had kept the whole East side of the battlefield under control, wasn't doing much anymore. Her accuracy had dropped significantly, and the Giant Bees were starting to push the whole group backward.

After fighting against Poisoned Frogs for almost an entire day, the second group of survivors barely could stand. While they had the skills to counter poison, there were only so many times their bodies could withstand being poisoned.

As for Daniel's group, they were in a pretty dire situation. They were refusing to retreat, and some of them didn't yet simply because they were too stubborn. That being said, some survivors were starting to collapse on the ground.

"It is finally time" Ryan said and then stored away his crossbows.

Ryan jumped, and then when he was high enough, he used Draconic Transformation. The survivors who were fighting fiercely suddenly stopped fighting when they saw a huge shadow covering the battlefield. After a few seconds, those who didn't notice the dark and blue dragon above them finally noticed.

"HAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHH!" Ryan roared.

Ryan's shout, full of anger and annoyance, stopped the whole battlefield. Even the golems who couldn't feel really anything stopped fighting.

Although the manner in which Ryan was flapping his wings was quite clumsy, no one cared about that. They only cared about the fact that he began to fly over the battlefield and turning the golems into ice statues with his Ice Breath. While that was an excellent way to hunt, he didn't like it it was too easy, and the bonus in status granted by the skill made him feel more uncomfortable than anything.

In just a few seconds, thousands of golems froze and died. Those who survived froze and couldn't move a single inch. Ryan looked at the survivors for a second and only confirmed his progress. The survivors were looking at him as if he was a demon himself. As for Daniel, John, Hugo, and Holland, they couldn't see him as anything but a threat.

Even more easily than with the Golems, Ryan froze and killed the Poisoned Frogs and Giant Bees. The same thing happened over those battlefields the survivors there were having a hard time controlling their wishes to point their weapons at Ryan and attack. However, they weren't crazy enough to pick a fight with someone who could defeat an army of monsters in which they barely could hold them back.

After the end of the show, Ryan returned to his Earth tower. Still, he landed there on his draconic form. He even howled once again to make the expressions of anger around him turn into expressions filled with anxiety and fear.

"Here is a message for all the dumbasses who want to play hero in this new world: give up, you can't save everyone and you can't prevent the monsters from keeping coming to our world," Ryan said. "I have no right to decide what each one of you should do, but I won't stay quiet and watch some idiots involving others in their stupid and naive ideas. If the same thing happens again, I won't cause a dungeon break, I will fight the idiots myself. It will be better to get rid of them early on than letting them leave and cause problems in the future."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1