Chapter 480: Clairvoyance

Chapter 480: Clairvoyance

"To the next dungeon," Ryan said.

Although Femradiel sighed, she didn't complain about the fact that she will have to wait for a full day before the next boss appears. She will have a lot of time between fights until then, but she decided to use that to level up Zen. For the time being, she didn't have any idea which type of body she will make next time, but gathering mana foe that early on certainly won't be a bother.

Things were a bit more complicated in the final dungeon due to the fact that the boss of that dungeon and Drake were two tank monsters. Thanks to that, they could recover from the damage caused from each other before any side could deliver a decisive blow. However, the tide of the battle changed when Ryan tossed a few STR potions on Drake's body. Femradiel looked at Ryan, and she was pretty displeased.

"Sorry, but we all have to compromise in some aspects," Ryan shrugged.

In the end, Femradiel could only nod at Ryan's words and defeat the monster before the potion's effects wear off. Despite everything, or maybe because the boss was developing their Electric Resistance thanks to the long fight, Femradiel barely won before the bonus in strength could disappear.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Warlord, Ranger, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Oh, well it already happened before, so there is no use in complaining," Ryan shrugged.

Ryan got unlucky again. However, this time he only had a single option, and that was to pick the class that he didn't have yet since the others he already had. Fortunately, the Conjurer class seemed very appealing, and the skills didn't disappoint him.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Conjurer!

You obtained the following skills: Fast Conjuration, Augmented Intelligence, and Zen.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points, your stamina, health, recovery, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fast Conjuration.

Effect: It passively increases the speed at which you cast your spells by ten percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Augmented Intelligence

Effect: It passively increases your intelligence by ten points per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! Since you already have the Zen skill, the same will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

You obtained 01 status point.

"I guess this is it," Ryan said and then began to walk toward the exit. "I am going to take a long nap before I can continue my next job. Are you going to continue fighting here? You should take some sunlight now and then at least."

"Yes, I don't know what you are thinking, but dragons don't need sunlight," Femradiel said. "We are dragons that can stay inside caves for decades, after all."

"It must be something pretty fun" Ryan said and then yawned.

After using Teleport, Ryan arrived on Furball's side and then made a mental note to prepare a decent place for him to sleep. While Furball's fur was comfy and warm, the fact that he was a war machine that could eat several corpses of monsters was a massive minus. Since he was a monster, he didn't feel the need to bathe for long either. Regardless, Ryan laid his back against his pet and then fell asleep in just a few moments.

Ryan suddenly woke up and got up. Although he felt like he slept only for a few minutes, everything around was covered in the darkness. Judging by his biological clock, Ryan felt like it was around midnight.

"A few minutes my ass, I slept for almost ten hours straight," Ryan frowned while watching Furball sleeping like a log.

Fortunately, Ryan's Fire Golems kept everything under control. Still, Ryan proceeded to summon more of them to fill his army once again, but in the end, Ryan stopped because he finally could see Lunar Arrow in action. It wasn't a full month's night, but that was just a minor problem.

When Ryan activated the skill, a small shooting star fell from the sky and hit a random tree he had aimed at. Although Ryan more or less knew things would work like that, he was still surprised by the projectile's sheer speed. Moreover, weirdly enough, the projectile didn't make the tree explode or anything it just split in half, making both sides fall in different directions. When Ryan approached it, he noticed that the borders of the tree were pretty warm, and a small hole in the ground could be found. It was small but deep

"This will be useful since it is a projectile made of light, it doesn't have normal properties," Ryan nodded to himself. "I bet this would be great with Clairvoyance ah, I need to check if I can buy that skill."

Ryan was so tired that he even forgot that he already had fifty million coins. Without wasting a single second, Ryan opened the Dungeon Shop and couldn't help but smile.

Clairvoyance tome

Effect: It grants you the power to see things beyond the limit of your eyesight. The limits of the skill will be determined by the amount of mana used, the level of the skill, and your level of intelligence.

Price: 50.000.000

Ryan immediately bought the skill and he realized that he certainly had come a long way considering that he couldn't spend 50 million coins just like that. In the end, Ryan confirmed that the skill was much more useful than he had imagined. Using one thousand points of mana per second, he could see things ten kilometers away from him with ease and the skill became two times more effective when it leveled up it looked like Ryan's range would increase exponentially much sooner than he had predicted.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1