Chapter 483: Group'S Power

Chapter 483: Group's power

Daniel, while covered in sweat and bruises, dashed toward a group of twenty Golems. If anything, he certainly had guts. When the monsters entered his range, instead of trying to split them in half from head to toe with his sword, Daniel only cut down the heads of three of them after he kicked the ground and increased his speed. Ryan finally could watch him without sighing all that much. In the last few minutes, he looked like a dumbass swinging his sword around, but finally, he improved a little bit.

"I guess that idiot uses the same tactic over and over again to defeat his targets," Ryan said. "I suppose that to master a sword is harder than a crossbow, but to think that he uses the same attack pattern over and over again he is truly a dumbass."

While the other warriors didn't have any decent skills, Daniel, Holland, John, and Hugo were quite good. While they weren't as wild as Holland and Daniel, the other two far more precise and received much less damage as well. Maybe it was a coincidence, but John and Hugo fight while using some bracers. Their punches were powerful enough even to knock down a level three hundred golems.

"I guess they practiced boxing in their youth," Ryan nodded to himself. "While they don't kill Golems as fast as the other two, they can contain the enemies advance by knocking down just a few of them."

The other two groups were surprising, putting a fight better than Daniel's group. In special, Mia's group that was fighting the Giant Bees was doing one heck of a job. Even after twenty minutes, they didn't retreat a single inch. For some reason, many of the survivors in that group used crossbows, but only Mia used two of them.

"It must be my imagination Alissa probably didn't open her mouth about my fighting style," Ryan frowned. "Come to think of it, I only started using two crossbows rather recently, Alissa was the one who did that first."

While Ryan had a hard admitting that, he certainly did a good job training Mia. Her accuracy was leagues above the others, just like her overall power. Following her lead, the other survivors were starting to get used to that situation. However, the tide of the whole battle changed when the bosses finally joined the fight. As one would expect, Ryan's acquaintances took the lead and decided to fight them off while the other survivors fought the small fries. However, each group had a least three one hundred bosses. It was only a matter of time before a disaster happens Upon noticing this, Mark approached Ryan.

"What are you doing here if you are not going to help?" Mark asked.

"Right now, I am watching a bunch of morons trying to survive," Ryan replied. "This is your territory, right? You shouldn't expect that someone will always come to save your ass when something unexpected happens."

Mark clicked his tongue in annoyance and rejoined the fight against the Poisoned Frogs. Despite his age, he was a pretty good melee fighter. His weapon of choice was a spear, and his swings were fast and precise. However, given that he was in the middle of creatures that could poison him to death, he wasted more time dodging attacks than causing any real damage.

Suddenly, a group of ten giant golems dashed forward and then made Daniel, Holland, John, and Hugo fly. Ryan couldn't help but frown when he saw some of their limbs bending in the wrong direction. Although they put up a decent fight for quite a while, it looked like they didn't outgrow the golems even though some of them probably had two-tier three classes.

As soon as they landed, those four used Heal to restore their bodies. While creating a build in which warriors could heal themselves that fast wasn't a bad idea, Ryan couldn't help but sigh since apparently, they decided to use all their mana to guarantee their survivability. While that also wasn't such a bad idea, it was probably the worst thing they had agreed to do, considering the fact that dungeon breaks were happening all over the world. It doesn't matter if you are nearly immortal. If you can't kill small fries like golems fast enough, then all that survivability goes to the trash can.

Mia and Mark's groups also were forced to retreat a little bit as well. The number of bosses was just too big for a few talented people to hold them back. Moreover, the number of gravely wounded or poisoned was increased by the minute. Although most survivors also could use Heal and Purification, that was only delaying the inevitable.

At some point, all the survivors began to look at Ryan with their eyes full of hatred. Someone who was strong enough and could help them was only watching them struggle. He even had the courage to yawn when more the one people at a time shouted and insulted him.

"I guess it is about time" Ryan said and then got up.

After Ryan said that, he saw the very moment a Giant Golem destroyed the legs of sure survivors with Stone Bullets. While agonizing in pain, the man fell on his knees, but the Giant Golem wasn't done yet. The creature raised its arms to crush the man into a pulp, and the beast would have succeeded if Daniel hasn't got in the way and blocked the attack with his sword.

"Well, that is rather impressive," Ryan said. "He is powerful enough to block the attack of level three hundred and tier two boss. Too bad that his brains didn't evolve a single bit in those six months."

Suddenly, Daniel's sword broke, and the arms of the boss have smashed his shoulders. It hadn't been enough to knock Daniel down, but he lost his arms, at least for a while. That was what happens when you swung your swords around against monsters made of stone and don't care about their durability.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1