Chapter 495: Ghouls

Chapter 495: Ghouls

When Ryan left the dungeon, he was welcomed by his Red Falcons. He was hoping to see some tears since their partner had been left behind with another world alongside five hundred Fire Golems. Still, it looked like Red Falcons weren't that sentimental.

"Ryan," Femradiel said while frowning due to the subject. "A new dungeon just appeared around your domain. Did you piss someone on your first try?"

"Maybe" Ryan replied and then began to consider the possibility of Padmi being the dungeon master of the new dungeon. "She didn't know that I was a dungeon master, but this timing is just too weird I guess I can't underestimate the intel gathering skills of a dungeon master that had several domains."

Ryan was immediately forced to return to his domain alongside his Red Falcons, but not before leaving a single Fire Golem behind to slay the goblins. After a couple of minutes, he arrived and immediately saw a new type of enemy spawning in a dungeon very close to his domain.

Ghoul  Lv 01

Health: 500/500

Mana: --/--

Stamina: --/--

Strength: 100

Dexterity: 100

Speed: 100

Intelligence: 100

Endurance: 100

Control: 100

Mentality: 100

Luck: 100

Recovery: 100

Willpower: 100

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Poisonous Touch Lv 50, Cursed Touch Lv 50, Anesthetic Touch Lv 50

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills: Absolute Recovery Lv 01

"That fucking bitch" Ryan said, annoyed and while clenching his teeth.

Ghouls were creatures that deeply resemble humans. The only real difference is that they weren't actually undead monsters and that their skin was yellow and smelled like death it was only obvious that Padmi had created that dungeon and selected those creatures to spawn it. Even from far away, Ryan barely could withstand their smell if his domain had humans instead of summoned monsters, that would be an excellent tactic to drop the morale of any army.

You obtained 09 coins.

You obtained 09 coins.

You obtained 09 coins.

Ryan easily killed the ghouls, but after a while, he couldn't help but frown. The destroyed corpses began to regenerate that was the power of Absolute Recovery even though it was only at level one. Ryan froze the creatures with magic until flesh and ice couldn't be spread apart, and only after that, he used his crossbow again. This time the ghouls died for good.

"Nice thinking," Femradiel said. "Anyway, I don't think those things should be eaten. By the look on your face, I guess you have a good idea of who did this."

"Yeah it is the dungeon master that made the goblins dungeon spawn near my hometown," Ryan replied. "I guess she wants to have direct access to the interior of my domain, that is the only explanation for such a bitch to create a dungeon so close to my domain."

"I guess that makes sense, considering that those creatures can go back to life even after a complete death, they certainly can get insanely strong even by just being defeated and not having any chance to retaliate," Femradiel nodded.

Ryan didn't waste any time and just entered the new dungeon. Before those disgusting creatures could make Earth smell even worse, he had to kill them inside the dungeon. Doing that automatically with ice magic wasn't possible. Still, Ryan was pretty sure that burning the ghouls to ashes was good enough. He confirmed that theory by using Fire Golems, the difference in power was absolute. The Fire Golems could crush the Ghouls easily. They just had to wait for a little while their bodies burn the remains of the monsters.

Ryan was ready for pretty much everything waiting for him at the end of that dungeon, but in the end, he still was surprised by the sight of the boss. The creature was even more disgusting than the Ghouls because it was a huge mass of Ghouls' corpses clustered together.

Ghouls' Legion  Lv 01

Health: 5000/5000

Mana: --/--

Stamina: --/--

Strength: 500

Dexterity: 500

Speed: 500

Intelligence: 500

Endurance: 500

Control: 500

Mentality: 500

Luck: 500

Recovery: 500

Willpower: 500

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Poisonous Touch Lv 100, Cursed Touch Lv 100, Anesthetic Touch Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills: Absolute Recovery Lv 20, Fire Resistance Lv 50, Cold Resistance Lv 50, Shock Resistance Lv 50

"That fucking bitch" Ryan said, even more, annoyed than before. "You are going to pay for this, Padmi. Don't you try to pretend that you can't see me."

"Don't worry, I am not going to pretend," Padmi said, and her voice echoed through the walls of the dungeon. "I can't understand why you are so mad, though. I just selected a creature that will eventually cause you a lot of trouble. You should be thankful for me giving this opportunity to you."

Ryan fought hard the urge to massacre that disturbing sight with all his might. Still, in the end, he couldn't let the anger control his actions and end up revealing more of what he could do to an enemy. Instead of that, he just equipped his Froze Crossbow and Fire Master Crossbow. Before the monster could approach it, Ryan began to fire and explode some parts of the monsters and froze others. When the pieces of flesh began to move, trying to return to their original place, Ryan fired at them and destroyed them for good. Despite the fact that it was a level one monster, Ryan had to attack for several minutes due to the fact that the monster was as big as a dragon. Padmi wasn't joking when she said that such a monster would give him a lot of trouble in the future.

You obtained 10.000 coins.

In the end, the monster didn't drop anything. Not that anything dropped by a level one monster would be of any use. Regardless, before opening the treasure chest, Ryan filled the last past of the dungeon with Fire Golems, to the point where the heat even was beginning to bother him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1