Chapter 498: Sharp Foes

Chapter 498: Sharp Foes

Ryan and his other Fire Golems were forcefully teleported to the last part of the dungeon when the fight started, and he couldn't help but frown when he saw a humanoid creature that quite resembled a Mantis. However, that one had four limbs like humans, but instead of legs and arms, it had some pretty sharp-looking blades.

Mantisilian  Lv 400

Health: 35.000/35.000

Mana: 25.000/25.000

Stamina: 45.000/45.000

Strength: 5000 (+ 900)

Dexterity: 5500 (+ 800)

Speed: 4000 (+ 700)

Intelligence: 2800 (+ 600)

Endurance: 3000 (+ 500)

Control: 3500 (+ 800)

Mentality: 1900 (+ 400)

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 15000

Willpower: 1900 (+ 400)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 250, Sonic Blade Lv 300, Sonic Slash Lv 200

Passive Physical Skills: Swordsmanship Lv 400, Improved Concentration Lv 250, Improved Speed Lv 250, Improved Strength Lv 250

Spells: Quick Legs Lv 250, Haste Lv 200

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 250, Shock Resistance Lv 200, Freezing Resistance Lv 100, Electric Resistance Lv 200

"Just my luck" Ryan said and then sighed.

As soon as Ryan appeared, the boss looked at him, and that was proof enough to make Ryan imagine what he would find in the next world. Many other creatures like that thing, and they had a decent level of intelligence Ryan wouldn't give up on it yet, but he could see his plans of obtaining other domains as fast as possible quickly falling apart. He already learned that, but it was starting to become even more obvious that not even the domains that had only low-level dungeons would be easy to conquer.

The boss contorted its whole body, and then the four blades that were its limbs started to emit a light glow. Ryan knew what was coming. However, he still waited and just pointed his hands at the monster and fired some Fireballs. The boss got hit by it, but even though the fire was its apparent weakness, Ryan didn't prevent the creature from firing several Sonic Blades toward him.

Ryan used Teleport to escape the barrage of attacks, but the monster kept shooting Sonic Blades while it was turning around and when it found him. As expected, the low level of Fireball was a problem, but Ryan didn't try to use another spell.

Congratulations! The skill Fireball has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Fireball has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Little by little, Ryan's attack was becoming stronger. Fortunately, it looked like he would have plenty of time to keep leveling up Fireball since his flying speed was enough to dodge the barrage of Sonic Blades. Besides, his damage output was bigger than the recovery speed of the boss. Sooner or later, he will run out of health, stamina, or mana.

"That thing doesn't want me to get closer" Ryan frowned. "That is weird. I don't look like a melee fighter. Is acting like that because the dungeon master saw me using some Giant Mantis to create and upgrade a magic crossbow?"

That was something hard to confirm. In any case, that was some seriously flawed strategy since the boss's movements were too obvious, and the creature couldn't predict Ryan's movements.

In the end, Ryan's simple strategy proved itself to be highly effective. The boss never even scratched him. However, not even when the creature lost one limb after becoming charcoal, it didn't stop from attacking while using Sonic Blades. Not even when its health reached a level where its mind could barely work.

You obtained 80.000 coins.

Ryan lost the chance to use the boss to create an interesting weapon, but he was too confused to worry about that. Even though Fireball was weak at the beginning, it was a spell from an element that was the monster's weakness. How could such a creature endure that for so long and until the very last moment?

"I don't think it was being controlled by the dungeon master," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I would have noticed that and they probably would have used a more decent strategy."

In any case, Ryan would find the answer to that question once he finds the dungeon master hopefully. Without wasting any more time, Ryan approached the treasure chest and opened it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Barbarian, Assassin, and Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Ryan had two options, and while Barbarian seemed pretty interesting. Ryan didn't have his ass kicked, thanks to the fact that he increased his defensive attributes lately. As usual, he chose the class that grew his strengths.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Assassin!

You obtained the following skills: Shadowy Disguise, Triple Slash, and Poison Bomb.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Shadowy Disguise.

Effect: While standing still in the middle of the night, it decreases the chances of your foes noticing your presence.

Cost: 30 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Triple Slash.

Effect: It grants you the power to cause damage to your foes three times in a single instant.

Cost: 75 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Bomb.

Effect: It grants you the chance to throw a magic bomb that explodes upon contact and raises a poisonous cloud around the target.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"I am not relying too much on stealth as of late, but I guess those skills will always be useful," Ryan nodded after reading the description of those new skills. "Come to think of it, maybe I should mix some archer classes with this one, that should give me one heck of a special class once I sacrifice them."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1