Chapter 496: New Class

Chapter 496: New Class

"I hope you have fun watching your monsters being destroyed by my Fire Golems," Ryan said.

"Don't worry, I will use them well," Padmi said.

Even after everything she lost and saw, Padmi still could annoy Ryan that much by putting doubt in his mind. Regardless, Ryan at least shouldn't let his anger be that easy to spot.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Gladiator, Beastmaster, and Battlemage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

"Well, it looks like this time I am going for the melee class," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Battlemage sounds awesome, but it isn't something I should become given that I suffered a lot when I decided to fight in close quarters."

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Gladiator!

You obtained the following skills: Stunning Impact, Stamina Boost, and Fury.

Your strength and health will increase by four points. Your stamina, mana, endurance, and willpower will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stunning Impact.

Effect: It grants you the power to increase the damage caused by your next attack. The attack will also shake the target's entire body, stunning him for a limited amount of time.

Cost: 30 stamina

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stamina Boost.

Effect: It passively increases your stamina by twenty points per level

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fury.

Effect: It passively increases your attack damage by the same percentage when your health decreases. The bonus of damage will be equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Those were some awesome skills, given that it was a tier two class. In any case, at least Ryan gained something nice in exchange for all that crap.

Ryan had to take a deep breath to calm down his nerves when he left the dungeon. Again, he couldn't let his enemies make the blood rush to his head. Padmi was probably trying to keep an eye on Ryan and, at the same time, annoy and taunt him with a possibility of a sudden invasion.

In any case, Ryan had work to be done. Still, fortunately, since he was calmer, he realized that he had some business with Femradiel.

"Hey, Femradiel," Ryan said. "You noticed that some of my skills have a level cap, right? Can you do something about this?"

"I believe I can, but you will only be able to use those skills past the level cap when you use Draconic Transformation," Femradiel explained. "This system isn't perfect, but it has some pretty solid rules. You can bend then to some extent, but unless you become as powerful as those who created the system, you will have to endure those limitations."

Ryan didn't consider that, but it made sense. In any case, that was a problem. Draconic Transformation was even more useful than Ryan thought. However, he still wanted to succeed and reach his goals on his own merits. At this point in time, he couldn't say that he wouldn't use the skill ever again, but thanks to that, he won't be able to improve some skills that had an awesome potential.

"I guess this is fine, for the time being, I should focus on learning more skills that will reinforce my base power," Ryan nodded to himself. "It isn't the same thing, but I have been relying too much on Power Shot, just like I relied on Power of Money."

"You sure like to put restrictions on yourself" Femradiel said. "It is bordering an inexplicable level of masochism and self-punishment."

"Enough of that," Ryan said. "How many level ups had the Skulls and Minotaurs since I left?"

"Only ten, I am trying to defeat them as fast as possible, but it looks like your guess was right," Femradiel said. "Monsters spawned by dungeons can level up pretty fast even when they don't do anything."

Based on Ryan's calculations, it will take a while for the dungeon masters that have dungeons inside their domains to be able to come to Earth. However, Ryan was pretty sure the first dungeon masters will begin to appear in six months or less. It was more or less the same amount of time he had to obtain his power level since the monsters appeared. Still, Ryan couldn't feel confident in obtaining enough power to defeat them in six months. Obtaining domains were supposed to help Ryan buy more expensive tomes. Still, until now, he only used that extra money to protect his main domain and increase its specs.

"I guess I need to be a bit more random with my action," Ryan said to himself. "Just trying to defeat the dungeon masters of the dungeons I already defeated won't be enough I need to clear dungeons in which I haven't cleared yet and then train the new classes in those worlds as well that should optimize my progress and my ability to improvise in certain situations."

"I can't believe that you are coming up with new methods to restrain yourself," Femradiel said.

"It is just a temporary thing that will help me pretty early on," Ryan explained. "Even you should understand that."

"What do you mean by 'even you'?" Femradiel asked, and she seemed pretty annoyed. "I perfectly understand that you are a masochist, knowing that, understanding your reasoning is pretty easy."

While Ryan wanted to contest that, he really couldn't. Ryan himself couldn't deny that he was a bit of a masochist, self-destructive, and self-centered guy. Some of those were characteristics that he would have hated in the past, but now he really liked them. After all, thanks to all that, he could feel a sense of freedom like never before.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1