Chapter 492: + 10

Chapter 492: + 10

Ryan needed some time to prepare, and since he couldn't let the monsters see what he was doing, he decided to flee to where his Red Falcon was, high in the sky. After a few seconds, he returned while holding his Titanium Electric Bow. However, instead of firing the conventional electric arrows, he picked an Ice Arrow from his storage dimension and nocked it. Ryan didn't even use Power Shot since it would give the dungeon master plenty of time to teleport their troops. Still, he activated Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim in a single goblin shaman that was right in the middle of the platoon.

When Ryan fired the projectile, the group of goblins disappeared. However, the ice arrow changed its course. It flew toward the location where the monsters had appeared, five kilometers away from their previous location. The monsters, upon noticing the projectile, activated Mana Shield to protect them. However, they failed once again. When the projectile hit the Mana Shield, it exploded, spreading a massive wave of destruction that wiped out everything close to the monsters in that area.

"Hehe, who could have thought that I could use Charge Trap in some of my projectiles," Ryan smirked.

In fact, that wasn't possible. Charge traps could only be used in certain objects. It couldn't be used in projectiles created by bows and crossbows. The reason why was that the very moment they were made, they would be used soon afterward it was a magical thing that only had a single purpose and would lose its purpose after being used.

Ryan nocked another ice arrow and then looked for the next target. He had to be quick before the dungeon master decides to split their forces even more. However, he suddenly stopped when he noticed his mana decreasing several times in a row. Ryan frowned since no monster attacked him so that only meant one thing: the dungeon master was nearby and had tried to use Appraisal on him.

"How surprising for a lone archer to have the skills to kill so many of my minions and even counter my own spells. What is your name, human?"

After hearing that unknown voice that apparently belonged to a female creature echoing inside his head, Ryan couldn't help but frown to think that the dungeon master would speak to him that was very unexpected, even more so than the fact that it could speak English.

"Show yourself, buddy," Ryan said. "Let's talk while looking each other in the eye. You don't need to be shy, let me take a good look on you and I will gladly tell you my name."

"What is the point of seeing me? Your intentions are obvious. While I can understand why you came here, I would like to offer you something as a proof of my goodwill."

It has been a while since an enemy offered Ryan something. If he remembers well, the Reptilians tried that. Regardless, it looked like that was a common modus operandi for some dungeon masters. Suddenly, a very familiar crossbow appeared in front of Ryan, one that looked quite ominous while emanating a dark-green glow.

Pestilence Crossbow (+10)

Effect: Consumes twenty points of mana to create and fire a poisoned bolt. Dexterity + 150, intelligence + 100

Extra Effect: Each bolt can cause the value of your intelligence as magic damage during five seconds. Hitting the target with other bolts will also increase the damage of the poison by eleven percent.

Durability: 120/120

"How about this crossbow? I am sure it can help you quite a bit, it is at the same level of your previous weapon, isn't it?"

"I already have one, so I am going to pass," Ryan said.

"Really, those are quite rare, where did you find it?"

"I obtained it after I killed a dragon," Ryan replied. "Anyway, stop making me waste my time."

"My apologies, I am sure this one will be a more suited gift."

"You are trying to be cheap while giving gifts? You sure have some nerve," Ryan said, and then he stopped when another crossbow appeared in front of him.

Holy Crossbow (+10)

Effect: Consumes fifty points of mana to create and bolt enchanted with holy magic. Dexterity + 200, intelligence + 140

Extra Effect: Each bolt causes fifty percent more damage against undead and demons.

Durability: 150/150

"Well, I will accept both just in case," Ryan said and then stored the weapons in his storage space. "Congratulations, with those two weapons you have bought five minutes of my time. Since I am in a good mood, I won't do anything if I notice you mobilizing your troops to do anything shady."

"Don't worry, I really just want to talk. Well then, let's start with the introductions. My name is Padmi, what is yours?"

"... Ryan," Ryan replied.

"Well then, Ryan, what is your current goal here?" Padmi asked. "Killing me certainly isn't your end goal, right? You want my place as the dungeon master of this world for a reason, which is?"

"Kill all the motherfuckers who are trying to invade my home planet," Ryan replied.

"You certainly are ambitious, usually, I would say that this is something impossible, but considering how much far you have gone in just a few months, perhaps your goal is achievable," Padmi said. "However, even though you obtained this much power, it isn't enough. You can't accomplish what you want alone."

"Really? What do you propose then?" Ryan asked.

"That we should work together," Padmi said. "I have been doing this for quite a while and this isn't the only planet under my control. I know how this game is played and I have much experience and knowledge than you. You certainly have the skills, but the wisdom to use them effectively. Before deciding anything, you should know that many of the beings who are trying to invade your planet aren't working alone. You certainly won't have the chance to kill each one of them at a time."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1