Chapter 490: Inquisition Crossbow

Chapter 490: Inquisition Crossbow

After considering his options for a while, Ryan decided not to show his best skills for the time being. He had no idea if the Goblin Shamans were the most powerful troops in the enemy's hand, so he had to be careful.

Since he had already used Teleport, that one could be used to some extent. While that wouldn't be nearly as effective as if he tried to use them in melee combat, Ryan teleported several of his Spiritualist Spears and then made them spin with Telekinesis when they appeared in the middle of the two armies of goblins. The creatures were caught off guard and were forced to activate Mana Shield to protect themselves, but dozens of them had already died when that happened.

"Let's get a little closer," Ryan said to the Red Falcon.

Even while the Goblin shamans were busy against the spears, Ryan attacked them from above by using his Spiritualist Crossbows. He made several copies of them. Still, instead of attacking several foes, he attacked one at a time. Ryan spent a lot of mana, but eventually, he began to slay the shamans since their mana was being drained by the bolts and also being consumed to protect the monsters from Ryan's raw power.

"This is taking too long I need another way to catch them off guard," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I need something much more effective and that won't give them the chance to react on time."

After saying that, Ryan recovered his spears. He had several crossbows that would be useful against such opponents, but the Mana Shield was a problem. Suddenly, Ryan has another one of his nasty ideas, and he couldn't help but smirk.

"I won't be able to use this more than once, but it will certainly surprise them," Ryan grinned.

Ryan jumped from the Red Falcon's back and then approached the shaman's army. When the monsters began to fire their magic projectiles at Ryan, he used Teleport. He appeared right in the middle of one of the armies. Before the monsters could react, he grabbed one of them by the beck and then escaped by using Teleport.

"Good day to you," Ryan said and then used his spears to drain all the mana from his target after he returned to the Red Falcon's back. "Don't try to struggle. This will end soon

The monster's Mana Shield got in the way at first. Still, eventually, the goblin lost all its mana and the capacity to do anything. After that, he used Charge Trap in several parts of the monster's body and then tossed the creature away. To make sure that the monster wouldn't do anything, Ryan snapped its neck with Telepathy. After a while, when the beast fell in the middle of one of the shaman's army, a massive explosion happened.

You obtained 600 coins.

You obtained 600 coins.

You obtained 600 coins.

Judging by the number of notifications, Ryan confirmed that hundreds of goblin shamans died. The idiots never considered the possibility that Ryan transformed their ally into a bomb.

The first army had been completely obliterated. The goblins that survived didn't manage to do anything when Ryan equipped his crossbows again and finished them off. The second army tried to prevent that, but they never hit Ryan. However, another army was summoned. Ryan finally realized that such a battle will last forever unless he finds the dungeon master.

"The problem is that I can't just ignore them" Ryan said and then made his Red Falcon fly toward the next town. "While this is a good opportunity to level up some classes, I can't neglect the real goal here, which is to decrease the number of possible future threats."

Getting stronger was as crucial as decreasing the number of enemies. Still, Ryan didn't know how he should do that. He had some tracking skills, but that probably wouldn't be enough. As far as he was concerned, that new world was as big as Earth, so that will take a while.

"Using summons here will be a waste of time since I will have to spend mana and the dungeon master can do the same by using potions," Ryan nodded to himself. "So, I guess I will cause as much destruction as possible and then decrease the number of places they can hide."

That was quite the drastic measure, but it was better than wasting too much time with a nearly infinite army of shamans. Besides, if he focuses too much on them, Ryan will end up giving too much time for the ordinary goblins to prepare themselves for the fight.

While flying around and killing the ordinary goblins, Ryan recovered a lot of mana and used it to kidnap some goblin shamans by using Telekinesis. The monsters resisted by using Mana Shield, but the spell was only useful against attacks. Eventually, Ryan created another decent crossbow.

Inquisition Crossbow (+ 07)

Effect: It decreases the intelligence of your foes by ten points for thirty seconds.

Dexterity + 130, Intelligence + 130

Durability: 120/120

"Well, the effect is a little different than I was waiting, but not bad I guess," Ryan shrugged. "Still, it will come in handy in some situations.

While it was helpful against mages, it couldn't do anything to them when they had Mana Shields activated 24/7. Regardless, the dungeon master tried to allocate their troops in order to stop Ryan from spreading destruction in the domain, but it failed miserably. When the two armies suddenly appeared before him, Ryan increased his altitude. When they appeared on the sides, he used Teleport to escape the barrage of attacks. Eventually, the dungeon master summoned another two armies to stop Ryan for good by surrounding him by the sides and stopping his advance, but it was useless. Ryan just increased the distance he traveled and escaped the monsters altogether.

Upon noticing that the goblin shamans wouldn't be enough to stop Ryan, the dungeon master finally revealed another one of their hidden cards the goblins archer.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1