Chapter 497: Disappointment

Chapter 497: Disappointment

While Ryan was thinking about what to do next, he decided to check things with the Red Falcon. He left the world of the goblins. Not much to his surprise, he noticed that something was attacking the barrier. When Ryan used Clairvoyance to confirm who was doing that, Ryan saw a new dungeon, goblins coming out of it and attacking.

"It looks like this will be a daily occurrence here," Ryan said and then teleported some of his golems to the area to kick the goblins' asses and clear the dungeon.

After doing that, Ryan used Clairvoyance to check the boss and the treasure chest. He saw another Hobgoblin, but he didn't find a treasure chest.

"This is weird maybe considering that classes are only something humans can have, the treasure chests only appear on Earth," Ryan nodded to himself. "Still that only makes things weirder."

Ryan still didn't solve the mystery as to why only humans have that feature of the system. Regardless, he obtained another source of income thanks to the stupidity of Padmi, so things weren't that bad.

After deactivating Animalistic Transference, Ryan returned to his domain. In the end, to prevent some headaches, he decided to clear the dungeons near his domain and then try to obtain the domain of those dungeon masters. There was no point in obtaining a domain that was too far away from his own, after all. Even though Teleport could make Ryan cross massive distances in a few seconds, he still had to waste some time moving between those places.

Thanks to Femradiel's help, Ryan found the nearest dungeon that Ryan hadn't cleared yet. Even better, the dungeon was spawning a type of monster Ryan hadn't seen yet. So, he would be able to create a new type of crossbow probably.

Giant Mantis  Lv 320

Health: 15.000/15.000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 25.000/25.000

Strength: 3000 (+ 700)

Dexterity: 3500 (+ 700)

Speed: 3000 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 1550 (+ 400)

Endurance: 2000 (+ 300)

Control: 2500 (+ 400)

Mentality: 1500 (+ 200)

Luck: 2500

Recovery: 5000

Willpower: 1500 (+ 200)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 200, Sonic Slash Lv 100

Passive Physical Skills: Swordsmanship Lv 300, Improved Concentration Lv 200, Improved Speed Lv 200, Improved Strength Lv 200

Spells: Quick Legs Lv 150, Haste Lv 100

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 150, Shock Resistance Lv 150, Freezing Resistance Lv 100, Electric Resistance Lv 100

Giant Mantis was precisely like the mantis from Earth. The only real differences are that they were gigantic, had a murderous gaze thanks to the blood-like eyes, and instead of arms, they had a pair of blades attached to their bodies.

"With those status, they can't be stronger than tier two monsters," Ryan nodded to himself. "In any case, I guess I can use the blades of their bodies. While I can create as many items as I want, saving some mana is always good."

Mantis obviously was weak against fire, so Ryan didn't hesitate in exterminating them with the Fire Master Crossbow. Despite his speed and the massive explosions caused by his arrows, the monsters still had the chance to attack Ryan. He couldn't help but frown when he saw the monsters swinging their arms and sending through the air an attack that seemed pretty similar to Sonic Blade. Ryan blocked it with his shield, but that wasn't a good idea. While he was causing some damage by reflecting the attacks, the shield wouldn't last much longer than the Giant Mantis.

"This will take a while" Ryan frowned. "All right, you guys are up. Go cause some destruction."

The Red Falcons squeaked after hearing Ryan's command and then proceeded to attack the Giant Mantis as well. Ryan could see in the distance that the vegetation of the monsters' world was starting to get more evident on Earth, so things would become more intense as they proceeded. It wasn't at the level of a jungle. Still, the tall grass was so high that Ryan could barely see the monsters or any sign of human civilization within it. It was time to burn all that

Congratulations! The Sage class had reached the level 96.

Sonic Crossbow (+7)

Effect: It fires special bolts at the cost of sixty points of mana that are thirty percent faster than ordinary bolts.

Dexterity: + 170, Intelligence + 102

Durability: 120/120

It took a while, but Ryan finally cleared up all the tall grass that had appeared thanks to the level of the Giant Mantis' dungeon. Thanks to his attentive work, he managed to level up the Sage class quite a lot, and soon it would reach the max level.

"From this point onward, I really need to adapt my fighting style in order to get a special class that will effectively help me in combat," Ryan nodded to himself. "A hybrid between archer and mage class probably will have its own merits, but I think the skills I will obtain from a complete mage class will be more useful. At least in some situations."

Ryan sacrificed the classes to obtain the Artemis' Disciple class and determined the class he would get. Still, essentially, the skills of the three classes didn't play a pivotal role. So, Ryan could mix three magic classes that had different types of skills. Sage, Elementalist, and Summoner didn't have much synchrony between them. Still, Ryan would make those three reach the level max next.

"Well, let's enter the dungeon and see what those things have in store for me," Ryan said while looking at a dungeon semi-hidden between vines and tall grass at the bottom of a valley.

Since Ryan had to level up the Summoner class as fast as possible due to the fact that that one was at the lowest level from those three, he decided to summon several Fire Golems and then make them enter the dungeon before him. In the end, Ryan did the right thing. The very moment the first monster reached the last part of the dungeon, it was split in half by something.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1