Chapter 493: Reason

Chapter 493: Reason

An alliance made by several aliens that want to take over Earth as if it wasn't enough that Ryan had to worry about the mythical beings that had god-like powers. It was kind of surprising that Ryan didn't consider such a possibility. Still, in the end, it only confirmed something that Ryan considered a while ago: that the battle for Earth will last for quite a while.

"I know that humans have a strange potential, although I can't understand why you have such potential but are also limited in other aspects," Padmi said. "That is why I have been waiting to find one of you that could have a fruitful partnership with me."

"You don't say" Ryan frowned.

The strange potential was probably about the power to obtain classes. Until now, Ryan didn't see the monsters having anything like it, they had their own systems, and they didn't have a level cap in certain skills. However, Ryan still thought that humans had a small advantage over them. It was weird that not even the demons had such a possibility. Although they certainly weren't human, they weren't that different Now that he thought about it, Ryan noticed that he probably could break the level cap of some skills, he just had to talk with Femradiel to give him a hand, but that was a question for later.

"You probably don't know this, but being a dungeon master is quite complicated and obtain control over a single crystal won't give you much advantage against other dungeon masters," Padmi said. "Besides, you can't leave your domain unprotected, but if you don't do it now and then, your actions will become extremely limited."

In the end, Padmi wasn't a dungeon master several levels below the lines Ryan wanted to kill. To think that such a creature wouldn't realize that Ryan also was another dungeon master that was really disappointing. However, even without considering that, Ryan had plenty of reasons to say no to an invader.

"Before I give you my answer, I would like to ask if you were the one who gave the orders to the goblins to attack everything in sight and capture humans," Ryan said. "Also, there were some humans guarding the dungeon that you have on my planet, what happened to them?"

"... It looks like you aren't as rational as I imagined," Padme said. "Why would such a thing influence your decision? We were at war, and naturally my minions followed my orders in order to become stronger as fast as possible. As for the humans who were guarding the dungeon, they came to this world imagining that it would be easy to defeat me. What I can say after that they didn't like the result."

"I just asked out of curiosity, I made up my mind a long time ago," Ryan said. "Any fucking bastard that tries to take over my home planet will have to endure the pain caused by my bolts up on their ass. Still, I would feel bad if I have to kill you after obtaining such awesome weapons. So, I will give you this one chance to escape. Don't make me waste my time and I will be merciful."

"That was something nice to hear," Padmi laughed. "If you really think that with your brain you can defeat me, you are welcomed to try."

After hearing that, hundreds of Hobgoblins appeared around Ryan and swung their swords at him. However, their weapons only hit against each other since Ryan escaped by using Teleport and reappeared several hundred meters above them. Before Ryan could prepare for the next attack, he heard the hissing sounds crossing the air, and he realized that he wasn't safe.

Ryan used Teleport two times more in a row to go to where his Red Falcon was and then to return to the place where he first arrived. He needed some time to think, but it looked like Padmi wouldn't let him. A few seconds later, the mountain was surrounded by goblins, shamans, and archers that attacked him. Naturally, they wouldn't fall for the same trick twice, so only Fire Spears was fired.

Ryan was getting tired of using Teleport, so he decided to improvise. After creating a massive amount of water and cooling it down to turn into ice, Ryan used it to block the numerous Fire Spears. Ryan achieved his goal when a massive cloud of steam covered the whole mountain. While Padmi could always find where he was, the monsters couldn't attack with the same precision.

The monsters moved away from the mountain, spreading in all directions since they knew that Ryan's ice arrows were unusually powerful. In the end, they saw from a distance the mist taking its time to dissipate. That wasn't a natural phenomenon despite that the goblins couldn't just attack without knowing what Ryan was plotting.

After a while, they noticed a thin layer of ice expanding from the mountain at a fearsome speed. The goblins shamans tried to destroy the ice, but it only made the steamy cloud increase in size.

The shamans tried to break the ice by using Ice Spears. Still, much to their surprise, their projectiles barely caused a y damage and eventually melted and became a part of the layer of ice. The archers joined the fray, but even though they caused some damage, the ice was quickly being repaired.

Without any other choice, the monsters began to move away while firing at the mountain. However, their attacks never stopped the ice from spreading around. In fact, it only increased its progression speed.

Hidden within the mist, Ryan clicked his tongue since his mana potions were quickly running out. Although he also used some INT potions to increase the power and effects of his Hydromancy, Water Manipulation, and Water Transformation, it was only natural that he would have to stop soon. However, in the end, Ryan had a certain idea. He would use Padmi's plan to save some coins against her.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1