Chapter 499: Elemental Creation

Chapter 499: Elemental Creation

Thanks to the dragon hearts, Ryan's luck increased exponentially in the last few days. Still, even so, it hadn't been high enough to grant him any decent item coming from the boss or its minions. Regardless, he at least obtained a huge deal of those blades in which he could melt later and created many other things.

Just like before, Ryan left some of the Red Falcons behind and only took one with him on the next world. However, as soon as they touched the crystal, he learned that the ability to fly wouldn't be of much use there. Ryan appeared in the middle of a massive jungle. Perhaps massive wasn't even the right word to use it. The grass was like a dozen meters tall, and the trees were several kilometers tall as well. Even if it was a magic world that had monsters and stuff, that was just too unbelievable.

"I can't sense anything nearby even though I am already inside the domain of the dungeon masters" Ryan frowned while looking at the tree leaves that were preventing him from seeing the sky. "Well, I guess I shouldn't use fire magic here. The dungeon master probably already knows that I am here, so not using certain weapons would be foolish, the real problem is the smoke that will appear in case I burn this place. Just to be safe, I shouldn't use electric bolts as well."

While it was difficult to fly since numerous trees and vines were on the way, Ryan and his Red Falcon managed to take a good look at the area by decreasing their flying speed.

Unlike the things Ryan saw in the goblins' world, he didn't find many settlements in that massive forest. Not like the Giant Mantis would have much need for a town or a base. Still, given how smart the boss he faced looked like, he was expecting to find some. Unfortunately, Ryan failed at that.

"Here was I hoping that I would have the chance to level up my magic class against hordes of enemies" Ryan shrugged. "What a massive letdown."

As if that wasn't enough, Ryan couldn't find any traces of monsters or other inhabitants of that world. Since he was flying pretty high, it was obvious that Radar wouldn't pick many presences below, but Ryan still was expecting some results. It was a bit bothersome, but Ryan decided to make his Red Falcon fly low while he would advance through the tall grass. It was the only way he could think to find some enemies, after all.

After a couple of minutes, Ryan realized that his idea wouldn't work. Either the number of enemies in that world was that low, or the dungeon master teleported all the monsters to protect their base. Regardless, it was too late to back down now. He could at least explore that world for a single day in order to confirm that the dungeon master there wouldn't be a real threat to Earth given that they weren't attacking Ryan, that possibility was relatively high. However, much to Ryan's surprise, he didn't have to search for a full day.

"Hello, traveler. Is there anything I can help you with?"

Ryan looked around just to confirm it, but it was obvious that the voice was coming from his head. This time the owner of the voice appeared to be a man, and unlike Padmi, he seemed pretty calm.

"You should know that this isn't possible," Ryan replied.

"Is that so you look different from the others, since you didn't make your monster burn our forest. With that in mind, I would like to offer you something."

"More gifts, huh," Ryan said and then sighed. "I am not interested, let's do what we have to do since we are enemies. You are invaders of my world and I am one from yours. Enemies shouldn't waste time trying to fool others."

"I have no intention of fighting you and I want to offer you a gift in order not to let you leave without a proper compensation and because I want you to seal the dungeon from your side."

Ryan frowned when he heard that. It wasn't like he never imagined that he wouldn't find a pacifist dungeon master, but now that he found one, he had no idea of what to do. Sealing the dungeon from the other side was a clear sign that the monster didn't want to wage war against the human race and only created a dungeon on Earth for the sake of resources. That seemed a bit too convenient, but given how desperate the boss wanted to keep Ryan away from that world, that proposal made sense.

"All right show me a proof of your sincerity," Ryan said.

Ryan decided to put some weight on the enemies' shoulders and try to look that he would leave them alone if he gets satisfied with a gift. His standards are pretty high, so he could use that as an excuse to burn that entire forest if the dungeon master gives him something cheap. That was something only an asshole would do, but Ryan couldn't care less about it. Finding the dungeon master of that world would be impossible without that. He wanted to confirm that the dungeon master wasn't a real threat. Besides, even if Ryan is convinced to retreat now, it doesn't mean that he won't be able to hunt the dungeon master again at a later date if he does something annoying.

Regardless, suddenly three tomes appeared in front of Ryan, one blue, one yellow, and one green. Tomes were a pretty decent gift, but Ryan couldn't think that elemental tomes would be enough. However, he changed his mind after he used Appraisal.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create the fire element, and it also increases the power of all of your fire attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Earth Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create the earth element, and it also increases the power of all of your earth attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Wind Creation.

Effect: It grants you the power to create the wind element, and it also increases the power of all of your wind attacks by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1