Chapter 494: Troublesome Foe

Chapter 494: Troublesome Foe

Since the enemy would notice what Ryan was planning pretty soon, Ryan couldn't rush. Even more than usually, he had to be precise and deadly. So, he prepared his next attack while he also expanded the frozen area. Padmi knew that her minions would have a hard time if they got caught by the ice, so she couldn't do anything aside from making them run away for quite a while. She would regret that deeply

Suddenly, ice arrows flew from the mist toward all directions. Padmi made her minions teleport toward many places. Still, soon she confirmed that her minions weren't the targets of the ice arrows It was her town. One after the other, the towns got hit by the arrows and were instantly annihilated by them. Hundreds of goblins died each time a village was destroyed, and Ryan recovered a lot of mana. Mana that he used to expand the layer of ice that he had created.

Padmi, at first, watched everything explode and burn in a daze since she didn't expect that. However, she eventually moved her minions to stop that. Teleporting her shamans and archers to several towns, she made them attack the special ice arrows. Much to Ryan's surprise, they managed to prevent a lot of destruction, but he quickly found a way to counter that. It cost him some more mana, but Ryan made the ice arrows teleport to near their targets, thus making the goblins unable to prevent the destruction.

"It is truly a pity," Padmi said and then let out a long sigh. "We could have become a decent team to win this massive war but since you are just a foolish human, it won't happen."

"Already admitting defeat, huh," Ryan said and stopped his attacks to use Clairvoyance and search for the dungeon master. "It looks I thought too highly of you. I can't believe you are running away even without a fight."

"Your taunting skills can use some work," Padmi said. "I didn't survive until now to feel the need to crush a beginner like you. I used your planet to test a few things and strengthen my forces while gathering Intel. Now I know that I don't have to waste my time with your species. Have fun agonizing while your planet burns."

Ryan failed at finding any traces that belonged to Padmi. While that annoyed him, Ryan soon recovered. It was only natural that he wouldn't be able to catch that easily someone who could abandon a domain. While Padmi decided not to fight, Ryan realized that it wasn't due to fear. She was just cautious and calculating. She could lose a lot trying to defeat Ryan. She wouldn't gain much more than she already had in any case, it looked like she really was serious about forming a partnership with Ryan. If that weren't the case, she wouldn't escape like that.

"Shit I need more tracking skills," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance. "I can't obtain a domain and leave a tamed monster to guard it, when such an enemy might come back to retrieve it."

At the very least, Ryan confirmed that some low-level dungeon masters weren't like that giant slime that he faced before, and he was strong enough to put them on guard. In any case, the goblins didn't disappear, so Ryan had a lot of work to do.

"Padmi probably isn't a goblin, she used the same strategy that I used, create a dungeon and make it spawn weak monsters in order to lure dumb bastards," Ryan nodded to himself while he was firing his special ice arrows and decimating goblins and towns alike. "Still, to think that a dungeon master would call this whole mess a "game"... that was something I didn't consider. Judging by what she said, it looks like she had been a dungeon master for quite a while."

Padmi probably wasn't a mythological creature from Earth, so it was only natural that she wouldn't be a thousand years old like Thanatos and Echidna. However, Ryan had conflicted feelings knowing that his enemies could perhaps reach the four-digit mark.

Without Padmi to control them, the goblins weren't much of a threat. To make things easier and to prevent some future problems, Ryan also summoned Fire Golems with all that extra mana. In case Padmi returns a bit sooner than expected, they will help the Red Falcon and buy Ryan some time.

Although Ryan had to work for quite a while, the night never came. It looked like the days were longer in that world in any case, Ryan easily found the dungeon master crystal. He just had to attack it once since the dungeon master had left the planet and didn't leave a substitute.

Ryan thought the goblins kingdom was bigger than that. Still, it looked like Padmi used illusion magic to hide the crystal and create the illusion of many towns no wonder Ryan felt that they looked so similar to each other. In total, the towns didn't even get the three-digit mark.

"This crystal has only a single dungeon" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in surprise. "Padmi wasn't lying. She really used a domain just to study the human race.

The dungeon was reset, but Ryan couldn't change the monsters that were being spawned. Even though the goblins could give him some profit from the very beginning, he decided to do something else and make the dungeon level up faster.

"I will leave a Fire Golem inside the dungeon, since the creature is much stronger and doesn't need to eat, it will be the perfect monster for this job," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "I will gain coins in both ends of this trade and even make the monsters level up faster."

Ryan felt a bit troubled when he left that world since the dungeon master managed to escape, but in the end, he forgot about that soon enough since he reached his goal. Now he had three dungeons master crystal under his control.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1