Chapter 500: Adaptation

Chapter 500: Adaptation

"Can I assume that you are satisfied with my proof of sincerity?"

"Not really," Ryan said while shrugging.

Although he was quite satisfied, Ryan decided to play it cool. There was no point in letting a possible enemy know what he was feeling and thinking. While the dungeon master just gave him for free gifts that were worth thirty million coins, Ryan was fully aware that a level one dungeon could grant him the same amount in less than two weeks if he plays his hands correctly.

"I wish I could give you more, but I can't sacrifice the defenses of our domain. So, I will give you some knowledge instead. With any of those skills, you can increase exponentially the power of your attacks. Not by enchanting them, but by focusing all of your mana in a single elemental attack. To reach that level of mastery, you will have to train hard, but I believe you have the potential to reach it."

"Is that so" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Maybe that was the answer Ryan had been waiting for to power up his attacks even more than Power Shot could. In any case, he stayed silent for a while, hoping that the dungeon master would give him something more, but Ryan received only silence. Maybe it was time to retreat since the dungeon master proved themselves to be pretty sincere but not without leaving some words of warning.

"I will leave now and seal the dungeon from my side," Ryan said. "However, if any creature spawned by this dungeon does more than it should, I will return and I will burn this world down without hesitation."

"You have my world that my creatures won't do such a thing."

That had been a weird 'encounter' but in the end, Ryan felt compelled to retreat. He obtained a great deal of knowledge and power, and if he doesn't keep his word, he would be even worse than the enemies he wanted to hunt. Ryan couldn't become the monsters he wanted to deal with.

After Ryan returned to Earth, he filled the last part of the dungeon with Fire Golems and then sighed. He was repeating himself, but he couldn't help but complain since the task of getting new domains was being harder than he had predicted.

"No success this time huh," Femradiel suddenly said. "Surprisingly, you don't look wounded and yet you gave up pretty quickly."

"It is due to the circumstances" Ryan said and then sighed. "I am adapting my plans over and over again, but in the end, I feel like I am walking in circles."

"I can't say that I hate interrupting you right now, but you have some visitors," Femradiel said.

"I wasn't expecting anyone" Ryan frowned. "Much trouble, huh."

"I guess, from a sense," Femradiel said. "That friend of yours and her dragon just arrived and it looks like they want to use the dungeons."

Alissa as usual, she does whatever the hell she wants, whenever the hell she wants. Not like Ryan could complain since he wasn't any better. Regardless, Ryan decided to return before anything could happen since Femradiel probably wouldn't leave the dungeons unless Ryan returns.

Much to his surprise, Ryan found Alissa and her lackeys already inside his domain when he teleported back. Despite the fact that Femradiel helped them with that, at least they had the decency to wait for Ryan.

"Oh? Teleport? Nice," Alissa said, visibly impressed. "I didn't expect you would get such ability before me."

"Stop wasting time talking nonsense," Ryan said. "You came to clear these dungeons, right?"

"Indeed, and I am even willing to pay for everyone here," Alissa said. "I heard you did that when you were in Russia."

"... You don't need to pay, but you are going to owe me for this," Ryan said after thinking for a few seconds. "Now it is my turn to make you feel uncomfortable by owing me."

"How devious of you what are you planning to do with that?" Alissa asked while showing a bewitching smile.

"Nothing that certainly would boost your ego even more, chopping board," Ryan shrugged.

"I already told you not to call me that!" Alissa raised her voice in exasperation.

While Alissa was complaining, Ryan made his golems leave the dungeon. Femradiel also did that without making much of a fuss. Alissa's lackeys reached the three digits mark a long time ago, so it would take a while before all of them manage to clear all the dungeons and obtain all the possible classes. Still, despite that, Alissa didn't join the first groups that entered the dungeon.

"What are you waiting for?" Ryan asked. "An invitation to enter the dungeon?"

"That can wait, I was thinking about training with you for a while," Alissa said. "You can transform into a dragon, right? I can't imagine a better training partner than you at the moment."

"I am not interested," Ryan said.

"What? Are you afraid of having your ass kicked by a girl?" Alissa showed a condescending smile.

"I didn't know that a training session had actually winners and losers." Ryan frowned. "Thanks for informing me of that Anyway, you can fight against Femradiel if you feel like it."

Alissa frowned when she saw Femradiel approaching in her Wyrm and Drake form. Apparently, Organ didn't have the idea of creating new bodies. Maybe he wasn't good at that kind of thing, or perhaps it was a waste of time since his spirit was merging with Alissa's.

"You and her did some interesting things," Alissa frowned. "While her strength is pretty impressive, I don't think this would be much of a training session."

"... You might be wrong about that," Femradiel said. Ryan realized that she was pretty annoyed by Alissa's words. "I may be weaker than I once was, but I am still a one hundred percent dragon. The chances of me losing against someone who has draconic powers but didn't accomplish anything without them is virtually none."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1