Chapter 606: Warrior

Chapter 606: Warrior

Although Femradiel used her other bodies to keep things checked in the domain, Ryan only relaxed when he arrived and confirmed that everything was all right.

"I am going to meditate," Femradiel said. "I need to increase my intelligence and then gather some mana as well, since I feel I didn't help all that much in the last fight."

Before Ryan could say anything, Femradiel left. In the end, he decided to stay quiet since it was good for Femradiel to work and build her next body as soon as possible.

"I guess I will clear a dungeon that I didn't clear and get a new class before upgrading the weapons that I will need to hunt the Hydras," Ryan said. "Come to think of it I probably can cheat the downside that Mohammed mentioned by equipping items that increase my mana. Let's look for a new dungeon while I find the best type of item that increases mana."

Although Ryan couldn't equip many of them, he discovered that earrings were the best accessory to grant mana. However, Ryan also managed to find a new dungeon that spawned monsters that increased the mana of items when they were used to enchant items. They were the Giant Crabs.

Aquatic Ring

Effect: None

Mana + 300

Durability: 40/40

Aquatic Shield

Effect: None

Endurance: + 50

Durability: 100/100

"My guess was correct," Ryan said. "When crafting items and enchanting them, the highest attributes of the monsters play a major role."

Ryan noticed that thanks to the previous mission. Regardless, that made his job of clearing a new dungeon to last longer, but at least Ryan obtained a set of rings that increased his mana by six hundred points each. That was the limit of his Magic Upgrade, and while he could solve that with Elunium, it would be a waste to use them on something so cheap.

"... Come to think of it, my mana increases exponentially when I use Draconic Transformation," Ryan said and then facepalmed. "That skill could easily solve the problem of the upgrades."

Ryan felt as if he could die of embarrassment, but in the end, that was something only he knew. Even Femradiel completely forgot about it.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Warrior, Bard, and Fire Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Warrior!

You obtained the following skills: Hot Blood, Defiance, and Inner Release.

Your health and strength will increase by four points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hot Blood.

Effect: It increases your strength by five points per level at the cost of your stamina.

Cost: 50 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Defiance.

Effect: At the cost of your stamina, it grants you the power to decrease the effectiveness of negative effects based on the skill level.

Cost: 200 stamina

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Inner Release.

Effect: It increases all of your physical related status at the cost of your health. The amount increased will be to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 100 health per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"All right, now I need to upgrade some of my crossbows," Ryan nodded to himself after getting another class. "My Hydra still is around, but it doesn't mean the number of others has decreased."

After checking all his weapons, Ryan concluded that four crossbows would come in handy when fighting against the Hydras. He had already used two of them before. Still, the other two would also be useful since, this time, he was going solo for a while. They were the Amphibian Crossbow that doesn't let the bolts lose speed underwater, the Aquatic Crossbow that increases his intelligence per shot for a set amount of time, Immobilizing Crossbow that decreases the enemies' speed, and the Revenge Crossbow that causes extra damage when he is wounded.

Suppose Ryan decides to fight while Draconic Transformation is active. In that case, the Amphibian Crossbow will become useless since, with his increased dexterity, even Hydras can't dodge his projectiles. That was a tougher question. While he already used that skill to face those creatures, he did it to help others, but since things would be riskier now, not using it would be stupid.

"I guess I don't have a choice here," Ryan said. "I can only upgrade my weapons so many times with the materials that I have and the more weapons I try to use, the fewer times I will be able to upgrade them. Come to think of it, upgrading the Spiritualist's Crossbow would help a lot since with each level of upgrade, that weapon will drain more mana from my foes."

Ryan considered that and then decided to take out the Amphibian Crossbow and then add the Spiritualist's Crossbow. While Magic Vampirism would make such a weapon eventually become useless, it certainly wasn't something that would happen anytime soon.

"I guess I will give that crossbow to Zoe once the time comes," Ryan said. "Those guys said that she is a pretty good archer and since she needs mana, this will be a perfect weapon for her."

Spiritualist's Crossbow (+ 30)

Effect: fire bolts at the cost of fifty points of mana that will drain 150 points of your foes mana and recover yours.

Dexterity + 400, Intelligence + 160

Durability: 250/250

Immobilizing Crossbow (+30)

Effect: at the cost of fifty points of mana, it grants you the power to fire crossbows that put your enemies under the slow status for thirty seconds when they are hit by the bolts. Each projectile will decrease their speed by twenty points.

Dexterity + 300, Intelligence + 300

Durability: 200/200

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1