Chapter 608: Marksman

Chapter 608: Marksman

While only a few days had passed since the seventh dungeon break, Ryan noticed that the number of Hydras in the North of the Atlantic Ocean increased. However, that wasn't the only thing that increased. Some underwater dungeons appeared as well. Ryan only didn't notice that because the monsters didn't have much time to spawn before going to Egypt. However, instead of the new dungeons, an older one caught his interest.

Kraken - Lv 700

Health: 65.000/65.000

Mana: 55.000/55.000

Stamina: 50.000/50.000

Strength: 3500 (+ 200)

Dexterity: 3500 (+ 800)

Speed: 2.000 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 5600 (+ 800)

Endurance: 4500 (+ 900)

Control: 2500 (+ 600)

Mentality: 4500 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 20.000 (+ 5.000)

Willpower: 4500 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Cold Entanglement Lv 600, Blind Shot Lv 600

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Speed Lv 400, Enhanced Recovery Lv 300, Swim Lv Max

Spells: Water Tornado Lv 400, Whirlwind Lv 400, Frost Nova Lv 400

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 600, Water Breathing Lv 900, Hydromancy Lv 500, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Shock Resistance Lv 350, Cryomancy Lv 300

Before anything, Ryan felt shivers while looking at those tentacles. However, he relaxed a little since the monster wasn't that strong He had faced a lot of more formidable enemies, and his strength increased thanks to that.

After the uneasy feeling of disgust, Ryan opened his eyes widely in surprise when he used Absolute Appraisal. Even at level one, Ryan could see all the skills the monster had. That was beyond surprising but in the end, they focused only on the first ones since they were the most high-leveled skills the beast had.

"Why every single time you think of a Kraken, you tremble like a leaf?" Femradiel asked via Telepathy since they were underwater. "You trembled, even more, when you saw one for the first time."

"You don't feel anything while looking at those tentacles?" Ryan asked. "You are pretty weird."

"You are the weird one with suspicious instincts," Femradiel said. "Anyway, while they weren't as troublesome as the Hydras, you can't leave them alone either. The Hydras are about to reach the level nine hundred, but if they are left alone, even those creatures will make their dungeon reach the max level in less than two months."

Ryan didn't have to hear that twice. In the end, he truly believed that a good tentacle monster was a dead tentacle monster. After he summoned twelve copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow, Ryan bombarded the monster with bolts. Much to his surprise, the beast didn't last even two seconds and barely could react to the surprise attack.

" As expected, my firepower increased a lot thanks to the upgraded weapon," Ryan said in amazement. "Maybe I can even defeat a Hydra's Boss without using Draconic Transformation without giving the monster the chance to wound me."

After the first Kraken had been killed, several others came and tried to attack Ryan. They probably felt the blood of one of their skin being spilled. Despite that, the number of monsters that Ryan had to face had been pretty low. It looked like the Hydra made sure to keep the Kraken's population as low as possible.

Since the ordinary krakens were twenty meters long, their dungeon was supposed to be pretty big and spacious, so it was deep underwater deeper than Ryan could reach with his human body.

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan used Draconic Transformation since it would be a waste to leave a most likely tier-three dungeon behind. Besides, Ryan's goal was to delay Poseidon's return as much as possible, so he had to put his pride aside in order to achieve his goal and give even more time for the humans to prepare for the unavoidable fight.

After heading down to the dungeon that was five hundred meters below sea level, Ryan entered the dungeon that was big enough even for him to swim across. In the end, Ryan found an even bigger Kraken guarding the purple crystal

"I guess that is the reason why I managed to enter this dungeon in this form," Ryan thought.

The dungeon boss tried to grab Ryan's arms with its tentacles, but magic bolts repelled those. In the end, since the tentacles creeped out Ryan so much that he didn't hold back and he stuck the monster in the dungeon walls. It looked like Ryan had stuck the monster there with nails, but that couldn't be further from the truth.

You obtained 90.000 coins.

"What the hell already?" Ryan frowned.

"Sometimes, your naivety baffles me," Femradiel said. "Why are you so surprised? Did you forget that you defeated dozens of Hydra's bosses? The beings who are keeping those creatures in check?"

" Lately, you are too aggressive in your comments, Femradiel," Ryan frowned. "Maybe I should forbid you from meeting Alissa for a while. She is clearly a bad influence on you."

"Whatever you say, Dad," Femradiel said. "I can't believe you are trying to treat me like a kind in a rebellious phase."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Royal Knight, Marksman, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Marksman!

You obtained the following skills: Ballistic Shot, Impulse Shot, and Hookshot.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ballistic Shot.

Effect: It increases the damage caused by your next attack the closer you are to your foe.

Cost: 50 stamina

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Impulse Shot.

Effect: It increases the power of your next attack, and when in midair, it will increase your altitude by five meters per level

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hookshot.

Effect: it grants you a ten percent bonus in damage per level of the skill and also pulls the target toward you. The distance pulled will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by five meters.

Cost: 50 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Before that conversation could become even weirder, Ryan proceeded to open the treasure chest. Fortunately, he finally found once again an archery-related class that he hadn't seen before. Even better, the skills he obtained were awesome.

"Hehe, this certainly will increase the number of things I can do to my enemies," Ryan said. "Regardless, onto the next dungeon."

Femradiel could sense many underwater dungeons up North and East. However, the number of Hydras that they would find in there would be too low. So, instead of going there, they headed toward the South. For quite a while, Ryan only passed by the dungeons he had already found. However, around the time he passed by Cuba and consequently, the last dungeon that he had cleared, he found a new dungeon with numerous enemies A mermaid's dungeon.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1