Chapter 604: Absolute Appraisal

Chapter 604: Absolute Appraisal

Ryan had to dig for quite a while, but eventually, he found a hidden building that was located two hundred meters below ground level. The place was similar to the facilities he found in the sake islands. Many machines were used to keep creatures sleeping, but he didn't find a single monster.

"I am sensing some mana coming from those monitors," Femradiel said.

Ryan frowned when he heard that and frowned even more when he didn't see anything on the monitor. It was on, but at the same time, it wasn't showing anything. Ryan looked for some cables to unplug and turn off those machines, but he didn't find any. In the end, he decided to freeze the entire place, only to hear a voice coming from the monitor.

"Please, stop," The dungeon master said. "If you do this, I am going to die."

"What the hell" Ryan said.

"You have defeated me, I accept my defeat," The dungeon master said. "I swear that I won't touch your planet again."

" It looks like he transferred his spirit to those machines," Femradiel said. "His interest for Chimeras probably came from that since a machine can't grow stronger."

"Well, it doesn't matter," Ryan said. "We have come to defeat the dungeon master and we can't stop now. I can't say I am sorry, though. How many humans did you kill to create those five chimeras? I am pretty certain even someone like you wouldn't be able to upgrade a human body that much on your first try."

" I told them the risks and they accepted it," The dungeon master said. "Regardless, I am begging you. I will give to you all my knowledge and all the coins I am obtaining right now as the dungeon master of six dungeons."

"No can do," Ryan shrugged. "Don't you remember? You called me a worm and tried to fry me alive with energy beams several times. I won't say that I am in the right here since I invaded your planet, but you did it first as childish as this argument sounds."

At least the dungeon master didn't try to plead for his life again by telling Ryan about his past tragic life or as to how that world ended, and he wanted to restore it to its former glory. He asked twice to be spared, but not three times in the end. Ryan felt some respect toward him thanks to that, but not enough to spare his life. In a few instances, Ryan froze the entire facility with his Ice Breath, and in the end, not only all the machines stopped working, but Ryan also received a notification that confirmed that the job had been completed.

You obtained 23.362.852 coins.

"I thought you would spare him," Femradiel said.

"I have come too far to start forgiving those that tried to fry me alive now" Ryan said. "I can't say what I would have done if he had invaded my body at the last minute."

"I guess I should consider myself lucky," Femradiel shrugged.

Ryan took a deep breath. The job was finally over, and he finally could focus his attention on Poseidon again. Now he just had to receive his rewards and hope that forging a new weapon with the materials that Isis mentioned wouldn't be that hard.

"Well done," Isis suddenly said. "You completed your task much faster than I had imagined. Do you want to trade the ownership of this dungeon as well?"

"It will depend on what you are going to offer," Ryan said.

"Naturally, I intended to give you another skill that would help you fight Poseidon, but I changed my mind since I noticed that you complained about Mind Armor," Isis said. "Thus, I decided to give you a tome that will teach you a skill that will let you see the status of all enemies. Even that skill can be countered by another, but if your skill level is higher, then it will always work."

Absolute Appraisal Tome

Effect: It grants you the ability to see all the skills and status of a determined target. It can't be countered by low-level defensive mental skills.

Cost: 1000 mana.

Ryan waited to see what Femradiel had to say about that, but the expression of shock had been more than enough. That certainly was enough. It wouldn't be weird if that tome costs half-billion or even one billion coins.

"I accept it," Ryan said.

"Well then," Isis said. "I once again thank you for accepting my offer. I told you before that I would grant you the chance to come to my world and mine for the material you want yourself, but I can give you the stock that I have since you are in a hurry."

"You really want to see me fighting Poseidon, huh," Ryan said.

"I can't say that isn't the case," Isis said. "I don't want Poseidon doing whatever he wants until other dungeon masters return to Earth. The balance of power will crumble if that happens. Besides, my followers and all the others who decided to follow other dungeon masters will also be in danger."

Considering what she said, Isis wasn't that much worried about those who weren't her followers. In the end, Ryan could only feel grateful for her sincerity. Besides, he would feel suspicious if she suddenly says that she is worried about the fate of all humans.

"If you have enough materials for me to use them for a while, I will accept it," Ryan said. "But if you don't mind, I would like a steady supply as well."

"That can be done. However, my troops also make use of those materials pretty often," Isis said. "So, you won't be able to receive the amount I am about to give you every week. Return to Cairo, Mohammed will give you the materials."

In the end, that was something that couldn't be helped. If anything, Ryan felt grateful that someone working for Isis would refine the ores for him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1