Chapter 602: Faster?

Chapter 602: Faster?

The dungeon master tried to prevent the bleeding, but normal healing wasn't working for some reason. Since he also needed some time to repair the damaged crystal layer, things weren't working since Femradiel was damaging other areas.

"This thing can't be healed by healing spells because it is an empty shell," Femradiel said. "I can sense it; Chimeras are a single creature made by parts of dead monsters. While some have a healing factor and can be healed by some spells, this one is different since the dungeon master created it in order to be a spare body."

"Or his main body," Ryan added.]

Those were quite some good news perhaps it was for that reason the dungeon master wanted to protect that chimera so much. Not only had the best aspects of several species of monsters, but it also had a way to counter the downside of his perfect example of chimera. In any case, the monster kept doing the usual for a while, but when Femradiel and Ryan made the left side of the monster's back lose its crystal layer and bleed, he decided to go all out.

The dungeon master started to tremble, and its presence increased even more. Something bad was going to happen. It was obvious. Ryan and Femradiel began to attack relentlessly, but they failed at causing damage even on the wounded areas the monster's mana level spiked once again.

"Get back here, Femradiel!" Ryan shouted.

Femradiel teleported to safety, but if she had been half a second slower, things could have been pretty bad. Two layers of energy began to cover the monster's body at a fearsome speed. One of them was dark, and the other had a silver tone. Ryan assumed that the beast decided to use some massive spell that combined the strength of angels and demons.

That problem was one of the highest tier of defensive buffs. After all, the energy was so strong and intense that it could be seen with eyes alone. That was bad but it was also good. It was bad because the power of the monster spiked, but at the same time, it showed how much annoyed and in a hurry the dungeon master was.

While trying to gain some time to see how he should proceed against that type of skill, Ryan decided to move away from the monster, but much to his surprise, his body was moving toward the creature. The magnetic field changed, and the beast was attracting all things around him. The ocean, the clouds everything that touched that dark and silver armor made of energy disappeared without a trace. Ryan tried to teleport and use Flash, but even the efficacy of those spells decreased.

"Oh, crap" Ryan clenched his teeth in annoyance.

"Ryan" Femradiel said.

"Not now, Femradiel," Ryan said.

As if being pulled back toward something that would most likely destroy his body at a molecular level wasn't enough, Ryan saw several Light Spears and Shadow Spears forming at the surface of the monster's body. They obviously would be thrown toward Ryan

"Focus on using mana and DEX potions," Ryan said and then summoned twelve magic copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow.

While Femradiel was following what she was told to do, Ryan activated Magic Vampirism and began to bombard the monster's body. Before the spears could be thrown at him, Ryan attacked them, and as expected, due to the effect of his weapons and of the skill, they were destroyed before they could be used.

It lasted for only a moment, but Ryan saw the monster's head tilting slightly. The creature apparently couldn't move while using that skill and had to maintain a crazy level of focus, but even despite that, the monster looked at Ryan, annoyed.

When his firing damage began to increase thanks to the DEX potions, Ryan began to attack the left chest of the monster since he noticed that he was being pulled to that point. For some reason, that was the area with the highest level of mana, and while it took a while, his bolts managed to decrease the power of the Magnetic Field. Still, despite that, at every single second, despite his struggles, he was being pulled one meter after the other toward the monster.

Ryan's heartbeat increased as he approached the creature and began to feel the heat emanated by the dark and silver energy armor. The gravity field was getting weaker, but not enough at a necessary pace this time, Ryan really could see the reaper with its scythe on his neck.

"Femradiel! Faster!" Ryan shouted.

"Faster? My ass!" Femradiel howled. "Stop being a fucking pussy and use Draconic Transformation already!"

" There was no need to use such vulgar words," Ryan said.

Despite that, Ryan still didn't want to use that skill at least until the very last moment. However, thanks to those words, Ryan had an idea. He summoned from his vault all of his Spiritualist's Spears and then put all of them together by covering them in ice, thus creating a single massive spear.

"Let's hope this will work" Ryan said.

Ryan's new spear was close enough to hit the dungeon master's chest, and much to Ryan's surprise, he could feel his mana being restored at a fearsome pace. Somehow, at such a difficult time, he discovered a way to cheat with his weapons. While that seemed like a cheap tactic, it was better than relying on Draconic Transformation every single time.

After getting relieved for a few moments, Ryan noticed that his spear was being destroyed by the energy armor as well in the end, he only brought a few extra seconds.

"You can never catch a break, huh," Femradiel shook her head.

Femradiel took the words from Ryan's mouth, but in the end, a few seconds and all that extra mana was more than what Ryan needed. His spears managed to create a small crack in the monster's energy armor it was all thanks to the mana being drained. So, Ryan attacked that single point with all his might.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1