Chapter 612: Holy Knight

Chapter 612: Holy Knight

While Ryan was crossing the dungeon and occasionally killing a megalodon that would get on his way, he checked his status, skills, and classes list. Somewhere during the previous mission, he managed to reach the max level with the Summoner and Weapons Master class. While they didn't have anything to do with each other, Ryan will have to sacrifice them in the near future. The Beastmaster class was already at level ninety-two, so it probably would be a good idea to sacrifice those three.

"I guess I won't obtain a spectacular class by sacrificing a magic and two-hybrid classes," Ryan thought. "Still, it can't be helped."

Classes like Hexblade quickly approached the max level since Ryan was constantly using crossbows, so he would have to tame a few beasts before that happens. Regardless, that was a problem for later. Right now, Ryan had to defeat a Megalodon boss. Ryan quickly found the beast, but in the end, a species that got their ass kicked by the Hydras wouldn't prove to be much of a challenge to Ryan. He quickly defeated the monster by using the same tactic he used to deal with the previous Hydras. Since Ryan didn't have to focus on several targets, the boss lasted only for a couple of minutes.

You obtained 75.000 coins.

"Alright this is just too weird," Ryan said. "It doesn't make any sense that someone who almost got killed by slimes several times seven months ago can do this so easily?"

"You are the weird one here" Femradiel said and then sighed. "You are preparing to face Poseidon, and you find this weird?"

"I knew it I should have used Draconic Transformation," Ryan said.

"Now you are blaming me, huh," Femradiel said. "You seem to forget that you are a boring guy who didn't do anything aside from hunting monsters in the last seven months. You are a battle freak. I just accepted that, Ryan. This is the result of you pursuing power single-mindedly for so long."

"I don't think seven months is that long, but whatever," Ryan shrugged. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I will only feel satisfied once I put some arrows up Baal, Lilith, Mephisto, Beelzebub, Poseidon's asses."

Femradiel couldn't even bring herself to say anything after hearing that. Even dragons weren't supposed to be that greedy and foolish. Regardless, she just stared silently at Ryan when he opened the treasure chest.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Holy Knight, Ranger, and High Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Holy Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Judgement Blade, Holy Sword, and Holy Aura.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Judgement Blade.

Effect: Summons a magic sword from the skies that causes massive damage to the target and paralyzes undead and demon monsters for two seconds.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Holy Sword.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a magic sword enchanted with holy magic that can be fired as a projectile.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Holy Aura.

Effect: It boosts the holy power of your allies against undead and demons by five percent per level of the skill.

Range: skill level multiplied by ten meters.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"No, luck this time, huh," Ryan shrugged. "Well, I suppose it can't be helped."

Ryan already had plenty of skills that were supposed to be highly effective against demons and undead monsters. Still, the chance to use them was quite rare. Although he could face the banshees for that, Ryan wasn't the type to wait in a single dungeon. In any case, Ryan and Femradiel were getting closer to the area that Ryan had previously explored alongside Gustavo and his friends, so he began to wonder if he shouldn't just use Teleport and get as close as possible to the Hydra's dungeon. However, Femradiel stopped him.

"It looks like something is happening in your domain" Femradiel said.

"What now" Ryan said and then sighed.

"I can sense an army of monsters heading in a straight line to our base," Femradiel said. "They are quite strong almost at the level of the Hydras."

Ryan immediately used Draconis Transformation and then used Teleport. There was no time to hesitate suppose an army of monsters at the level of the Hydras attacked his domain. In that case, the result will be catastrophic, even though Femradiel was making sure to keep a lot of resources in the defense measures of the domain.

After a couple of minutes, Ryan returned to his domain. Still, the army of monsters Femradiel mentioned was yet to arrive. Fortunately, she recognized the threat in time for Ryan to assume a defensive instance.

"How weird they are coming from the East, and they are" Femradiel hesitated.

Before Femradiel could finish her sentence, Ryan used Clairvoyance to check everything in that direction. For quite a while, he didn't find anything. Still, he eventually found a weird army of dark dogs seventy kilometers away from his domain. For a moment, Ryan barely saw the creatures in the army. Their numbers were so massive, and they were so clustered together that they seemed a single being made of shadows.

In the distance, Ryan saw that just by passing by above a place, their presences were enough to destroy everything. Their shadows turned even the greenest land into a dead wasteland. At first, Ryan assumed that they were some monstrous version of wolves covered in shadows and with red eyes, but that wasn't the case they were hellhounds.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1