Chapter 610: Druid

Chapter 610: Druid

Although one of those bosses almost ate Ryan alive a few months ago, now he was strong enough to kill one of them without suffering a single scratch in less than a minute.

"Yep, I am cheating," Ryan nodded to himself after he killed twenty of those bosses. "Combining Spiritualist's Crossbow, Immobilizing Crossbow and Vital Hunter aren't fair. Still, I have no intention of stopping using these."

"This was the last one," Femradiel said.

Ryan and Femradiel noticed that the monsters began to head toward the underwater city when a nearby Hydra was killed. Still, since their senses weren't that good, they didn't warn the inhabitants of that place. They didn't have the chance.

"Suddenly, I feel like I am about to do something bad," Ryan said. "Is it too late to give any attention to my conscience?"

"Why are you asking me? I am not your conscience," Femradiel said. "If you are feeling that bad about it, you just have to follow your morals, and at least you will be able to sleep peacefully at night."

Until now, Ryan didn't have the time to consider such a thing, but since he was about to start a massacre, perhaps he should. Even in a war, some things shouldn't be done. While Ryan didn't know what was considered a war crime and what wasn't. He at least decided not to attack unarmed monsters or those who were running away.

"I guess this should be enough," Ryan said and then sighed. "In the end, all I need is to clear the dungeon and destroy this base. Poseidon will be pissed anyway. There is no need to annoy him even more by killing those that don't want to fight."

"Fair enough," Femradiel said.

Ryan suddenly teleported to above the center of the underwater city where the dungeon was located. Without wasting time, he attacked the Tritons guarding the dungeon. In an instant, dozens of those were killed. Those who managed to react in time to protect themselves only ended with minor injuries.

After the first attack, everyone in the city finally noticed Ryan. He could tell by the look of disbelief on their faces how come they didn't see such a dragon approaching. In any case, just as Ryan had expected, some Sea Nymphs fired Ice Spears toward him, and others fired lightning bolts through their hands. Still, Ryan not only stopped their attacks with his bolts but also killed those who had attacked him. Dozens of them died in a second moment, and that had been more than enough for the others to lose their fighting spirit.

"As I had expected, they don't belong to a warrior race," Ryan said as he watched thousands of Nymphs spreading around in the ocean. "Just what the hell is Poseidon thinking by creating a dungeon to bring those creatures to Earth? Is he seriously thinking that taking over will be a cinch?"

"Maybe, but it isn't time for you to worry about that," Femradiel said.

Ryan nodded after clicking his tongue since the Tritons were swimming toward him typical brain-dead warriors. Why would charge so vigorously against someone who could have easily crushed them silently? Before the monsters could get close enough to do anything, Ryan massacred the monsters with a barrage of magic bolts.

While fighting without worrying about mana was quite refreshing, Ryan was feeling more annoyed than satisfied with that fact. The more he tried to get on Poseidon's path, the more pissed he felt. To the point where Ryan began to wonder if he shouldn't chase those Nymphs and kill them anyway.

" Let's try not to forget the honor code that I created just a few hours ago," Ryan said after taking a deep breath.

Before entering the dungeon, Ryan attacked and destroyed the whole crystal city. Although that was unnecessary, Ryan did so in his draconic form in order to save some time. In the end, Ryan destroyed a city that was the size of Shreveport by himself in just a few minutes

The entrance of the dungeon wasn't that deep, and since the place was also quite small, Ryan returned to his human form to explore the place. While inside the dungeon, Ryan found some Nymphs that spawned and tried to attack him since he didn't look as powerful as in his draconic form, but they made a mistake by judging a book by its cover. In any case, Ryan didn't forget to use some of them to create and upgrade a new crossbow.

Glacial Crossbow (+ 05)

Effect: At the cost of one hundred points of mana, it grants you a small chance to put an enemy automatically under the Freeze status for two seconds when causing critical damage.

Dexterity + 225, Intelligence + 180

Durability: 200/200

"Not bad, I guess," Ryan said.

Although Ryan found some Nymphs spawning, he didn't find a single one guarding the treasure chest. Even the bosses had so little will to fight that they escaped with the others After letting out a long sigh, Ryan opened the chest and chose his next class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Sentinel, and Druid.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Druid!

You obtained the following skills: Hibernate, Heat Wave, and Poisonous Roots.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your health, stamina, mentality, and recovery will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Hibernate.

Effect: It grants you the power to enter deep slumber and increase the power of your recovery by five percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Heat Wave.

Effect: It increases the temperature in a certain area around your targets that can burn them as a whole.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poisonous Roots.

Effect: It grants you the power to snare your foes and poison them by using underworld roots.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1