Chapter 618: Flood

Chapter 618: Flood

"You can't be serious not that," Ryan said.

"Poseidon is even more serious than I imagined" Femradiel said. "More than two-thirds of this planet's surface is covered in water, but it looks like he isn't satisfied with that."

It was kind of hard to believe that the planet would have to deal with a global-size scale flood, it was even weirder that it was raining, but Poseidon apparently could do that without relying on rain. Regardless, Gustavo and his friends did the right thing even Poseidon probably won't have the power to submerge all the continents. Still, he certainly will decrease their size, and the cities near the coasts will be the first ones to disappear.

"Can you imagine how many monsters he will kill just like that?" Ryan asked. "All the dungeons near the coasts will become trees that day will give him coins a day in and day out."

"It certainly is an interesting method to power up himself and decrease the number of places humans can obtain power," Femradiel said. "Regardless, what is the plan now?"

"I have no idea what I have to do," Ryan shook his head. "I guess we will have to learn how to live with even less land than usual."

Ryan and Femradiel accompanied the waters, expanding and invading the land at a fearsome pace, but the more the waters advanced, the less speed and power they had. After advancing for fifty kilometers or so, the waters began to return to their rightful place, and that left Ryan puzzled.

"I see now let's return to our domain," Femradiel said. "I think I understand what happened here."

Upon returning, Femradiel asked Ryan to make her unable to enter the domain. After that, she created a water tornado and attacked the barrier. As expected, the barrier repelled the attack and made the water disappear, and Ryan understood why Poseidon waters returned.

"The barrier of the domains is a natural counter for that kind of tactic, huh," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I guess there are many dungeon masters that are humans on our planet, more than I had imagined."

Ryan thought that many humans had lost their domains to monsters, but that prediction was a bit off. Countries like China and India had a vast population, so probably a good number of the strongest humans were there. That was good. It means that Poseidon won't be able to drown the entire planet at least for the time being.

"I think we should seal the dungeons that are close to the coasts," Femradiel said. "If we fill them with Ice Golems, we can make a thick layer of ice that will withstand the pressure of the ocean waters, at least for a while."

"Yeah good idea, not to mention, golems don't need to earth," Ryan said while he furrowed his eyebrows.

Ryan teleported back to the coast, he will have to work a lot to seal those dungeons, but it couldn't be helped. Besides, that would help him keep his mind busy. That was what Ryan needed since his blood was boiling when he things that Poseidon was destroying the few things that managed to withstand the last eight months of the never-ending conflict between humans and monsters.

Ryan and Femradiel imagined that Poseidon would try to flood the world several times in a single day, but he didn't. That was weird However, after thinking for a while, Ryan understood why he didn't. Poseidon was the god of the seas. Considering what Femradiel told before, he probably thinks too highly of himself. The human race, from his perspective, wasn't worthy of the hassle, so he won't leave his castle. At the same time, he wasn't foolish enough to use all his power several times a day. After all, many other dungeon masters wanted to come to Earth, and they had powerful minions to do their binding.

In the middle of all that headache, something good finally happened. While it wasn't much, Ryan would gladly accept any chance to obtain power

Congratulations! The class: Beastmaster has reached the max level.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Beastmaster, Summoner, and Weapons Master? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Storm Caster. You learned the skills: Magma Storm, Snow Storm, and Thunder Storm. Your intelligence and mana have increased and will increase by eight points whenever this class level up. Your health, stamina, mentality, and recovery have increased and will increase by four points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magma Storm.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a powerful storm that burns everything in a massive area around the caster, causing damage equal to your intelligence and applying for the burn status.

Cost: 500 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Snow Storm.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a powerful storm that freezes everything in a massive area around the caster, causing damage equal to your intelligence and applying the freeze status.

Cost: 500 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Thunder Storm.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a powerful storm that shocks everything in a massive area around the caster, causing damage equal to your intelligence and applying the shock status.

Cost: 500 mana per second

You obtained 01 status point.

" As expected, since those classes have close to no relation to one another, the special class actually isn't anything special, and the result is random," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Well, at least those skills will help when I fight against a large number of enemies."

Ryan knew that hard times were approaching, so he truly needed all the power he could get. It has been a while since he played defensively, but now it was time for that, while the human race tries to see what changes Poseidon will bring.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1