Chapter 615: Cyclops

Chapter 615: Cyclops

Without wasting any more time, Femradiel and Ryan activated the skill and began to move. Ryan headed West while Femradiel went to East. It didn't take long for Ryan to find his targets, the reason being the fact that they were huge those creatures were taller than the giants. Still, they also looked less humanoid if compared to them. Their skin was gray and completely devoid of any hair. In some aspects, they looked like trolls since they had clubs in each hand. However, the most distinguished feature in their bodies was the fact that they only possessed a single eye.

Cyclops Lv 750

Health: 135.000/135.000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 73.000/73.000

Strength: 8000 (+ 1500)

Dexterity: 1500 (+ 300)

Speed: 2200(+ 400)

Intelligence: 1000 (+ 100)

Endurance: 6500 (+ 900)

Control: 400 (+ 200)

Mentality: 5000 (+ 1000)

Luck: 1000 (+ 500)

Recovery: 40.000 (+ 10.000)

Willpower: 5000 (+ 1000)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 650, Rage Lv 600

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 520, Enhanced Endurance Lv 510, Steel Skin Lv 300

Spells: Scream Lv 150, Earthquake Lv 110

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 600, Electric Resistance Lv 600, Shock Resistance Lv 450, Fire Resistance Lv 500

"That is some level of endurance" Ryan said when he found the enemies. "It looks like they didn't feel me, but I don't know if a surprise attack will be that useful against enemies so tough."

The real troublesome thing about the cyclops was that they weren't bosses. Just their minions had much health, endurance, and recovery. That was just insane following their traces, Ryan also ended up seeing a beach on the other side of the country. It looked like those guys had been teleported too.

After thinking for a while, Ryan decided to use the same strategy he used in Egypt to destroy that army of monsters. Fly high in the sky beyond the enemies' reach and then bombard them with bolts. Even though he was invisible, the very moment he used Draconic Transformation was the moment the cyclops felt his presence.

"I see now they were tracking me only when I used Draconic Transformation," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Who could have thought that this convenient skill would cause that kind of problem."

The very moment Ryan summoned his magic crossbows, he bombarded the cyclops. The monsters tried to throw their weapons at him, but the difference in speed was too big, and they never hit him. When they noticed that killing Ryan was impossible, the monsters assumed defensive stances. First, they used their weapons to block Ryan's bolts, but that only worked for so long.  After all, each of Ryan's attacks was powerful enough to create a crater on the ground.

Whoever had the idea to make Ryan waste time probably didn't know that he had upgraded dozens of times certain crossbows. Thanks to it, even though they were monsters in which their strength was their ability to endure attacks, the Cyclops failed at their job of making Ryan waste any time. Every second, dozens of them died due to the rain of bolts, and those that tried to run away were turned into ice status thanks to Ice Breath. They also became an obstacle that prevented others from escaping.

"While I am obtaining coins like crazy, this still is a waste of time" Ryan said. "I guess I need to buy some other skills that might help me solve this kind of problem."

Unfortunately, Ryan didn't find a solution to that problem. As expected, it wouldn't be easy. Ryan only finished off the last remaining cyclops after several hours. At that point in time, he couldn't help but ponder as to why Femradiel hadn't called him yet. Considering her skills, it shouldn't be impossible for her to locate which direction the hellhounds came from, even if they had come by using Teleport.

Ryan checked the loot that the cyclops left behind, but he didn't find anything worthwhile. That was only natural, given that his best weapons had been upgraded so many times. Fortunately, when he finished that task, Femradiel finally contacted him.

"Sorry, I took my time here," Femradiel said. "It looks like the hellhounds came from another continent, the traces of mana left by Teleport were faint, but they can't be tracked underwater. Considering the direction and the traces of mana, I would say that somewhere in Europe, we can find the hellhounds' dungeon."

Ryan sighed when he heard that. That was the worst outcome possible not only he couldn't give Gustavo and his friends a hand because his base would be constantly attacked, but he also couldn't attack those who were bothering him since their bases were too far away.

" Let's return to our base," Ryan said.

Femradiel also didn't have any idea how to solve that issue, so she just returned to the domain as well and then watched Ryan work. Before doing anything else, Ryan created a massive hammer of earth and then proceeded to smash all the Hydra's bones he had in his domain. Since Ryan did it in his draconic form, he finished turning the bones into fragments almost as small as dust.

"Femradiel, do you know how to create ice that is impossible to melt?" Ryan asked.

" No, unless you want to move to areas where the cold is truly intense," Femradiel replied. "The colder the ambient is, the more durable the ice in the ambient also is. So, in a country like this, it is probably impossible to create that type of ice."

"So, in the end, if we were to create a weapon made of ice, we will have to constantly repair it, right?" Ryan asked.

"Yeah, but why don't you make something out of the earth as usual?" Femradiel asked. "You just need to use Earth Transformation and turn the material into whatever you want."

"I was planning to do that. I have been studying Oridecon and Elunium for that reason. Still, it looks like a high level in Earth Transformation is necessary for that. Even in my draconic form, I can't make a single grain of Oridecon and Elunium."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1