Chapter 616: Double Edge Mutant Spear

Chapter 616: Double Edge Mutant Spear

Femradiel frowned since she was pretty sure that a living being couldn't create those types of magic ores. Still, that probably had been Ryan's plan all along.

"So, do you think with ice you will be able to create more powerful weapons than with other metals?" Femradiel asked.

"You said it, didn't you?" Ryan asked. "The colder the ice, the more durable it becomes. We can use several skills that increase the durability of ice, so you can imagine how well a blade made of sturdy ice will cut."

"I can, but it won't be that simple," Femradiel said. "I don't know which ones, but you will need several skills to make a weapon that can be properly used like that."

"For the time being, it is fine, even a weaker version of the one I imagined," Ryan replied. "I was thinking about buying new tomes, so if you have any idea which ones I should buy, then I am all ears."

" If you are planning to use Hydra's bones to make the weapon, perhaps you should learn Blood Manipulation as well," Femradiel said. "If you combine those with your ice skills, then you can create a weapon that will last for a while without being repaired."

Ryan had seen that skill on the dungeon shop, but he didn't think that would be much more powerful than any other. Not to mention, Ryan would have to use his own blood or touch the enemies' blood to manipulate it it wasn't a feasible tool of fighting. The cost was also pretty high thirty million coins. After thinking for a while, Ryan understood that the price was high for a reason. The skill had more potential than he had imagined.

"Why use blood, Femradiel?" Ryan asked.

"All creatures have mana now, and their blood will also have mana," Femradiel replied. "So, the blood of a powerful creature will be a good addition to the construction of any weapon, just like the Hydras' bones."

"What about using mana liquid instead of blood?" Ryan asked. "Some of our enemies had that for their blood, and that makes their vessels incredibly powerful."

"They just didn't use regular mana liquid. They probably mixed with the blood of those bodies, not to mention, it is probably a high-quality mana liquid," Femradiel explained.

"Come to think of it, I stored some of the blood of that giant, but I forgot to study it," Ryan said and then took out the container Femradiel previously made.

First of all, Ryan tried to feel the smell. He compared it with the regular potions and noticed that mana potions almost had the same scent as citric fruits like lemons. Ryan wasn't crazy enough to drink the liquid that came from a monster's body, so he skipped that part. As for the last test, Ryan confirmed that his mana could be recovered when he touched the liquid.

"Maybe you should this mana liquid" Femradiel said.

"Nah, it is not enough," Ryan replied. "I want to make a big ass spear that will decimate hundreds of small fries at the same time and use it on my draconic form," Ryan replied.

"Then mix your blood and that liquid," Femradiel said. "I forgot to mention, but the bodies of living beings aren't the only thing that can absorb mana. The mana liquid will work as a battery inside of a weapon. It is more or less the same procedure when you use a spirit to create a magic weapon."

"That is kind of complicated" Ryan said and then sighed. "Anyway, I guess that means that I will need to find a way to power up my mana potions later on. Still, let's go with your first advice."

While that had been the first time he did something as crazy as that, Ryan used Draconic Transformation and then opened a wound on his right arm. By using Telekinesis, Ryan mixed the fragment of the Hydras' bones. Once he made the base of the spear that was one hundred meters long, he expanded it by creating ice within. It didn't take long for Ryan to frown while looking at his new weapon taking shape. It wasn't a semi-transparent blue-like weapon the ice was turning red thanks to Ryan's blood.

"Well, it is turning more ominous than I imagined" Femradiel said.

"I am starting to wonder how come I can lose so much blood, and where does that blood come from and goes once I use and deactivate Draconic Transformation?" Ryan asked.

Not even Femradiel could explain that, after all, Draconic Transformation didn't have a cost. Regardless, despite the weapon's size, Ryan managed to finish it before his health could reach dangerous levels.

Double Edge Mutant Spear

Strength + 750, + 500 Speed.

Durability: 1500/1500

"Woah that is a lot of durability," Ryan frowned.

"That is the effect of adding your blood to the weapon," Femradiel said. "Your blood will prevent your weapon from melting. Let's see the weapon will be lost on the point of durability per minute. You can repair by using ice magic or the skill Repair. However, a weapon this big will also lose a lot of durability while in action."

"Well, this is just a minor detail," Ryan said while he watched the blades on both sides of the spear. "This is sharp enough with what I have in mind."

Ryan immediately disappeared with Teleport, and then he began to hunt the Hydras' again. However, just as he had expected, Femradiel warned him of the arrival of a new army of monsters. Ryan didn't return this time while showing an annoyed expression, but with a grim on his face. He didn't even return to his domain. Instead, Ryan headed in a straight line toward the new army that appeared on California's coast. It was another army of hellhounds, but those beasts didn't last long. The very moment Ryan teleported his weapon and made it spin in the enemies' camp, thousands of them were cut into thousands of pieces.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1