Chapter 613: Unpleasant Surprise

Chapter 613: Unpleasant surprise

Hellhound Lv 820

Health: 75.000/75.000

Mana: 55.000/55.000

Stamina: 43.000/43.000

Strength: 7500 (+ 1200)

Dexterity: 3500 (+ 800)

Speed: 4400 (+ 500)

Intelligence: 7900 (+ 1000)

Endurance: 5500 (+ 900)

Control: 300 (+ 600)

Mentality: 5000 (+ 1000)

Luck: 1000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 25.000 (+ 10.000)

Willpower: 5000 (+ 1000)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Dead Aura Lv 690, Voracity Lv 680

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 5200, Enhanced Recovery Lv 470, Steel Skin Lv 400

Spells: Shadow Armor Lv 350, Shadow Spear Lv 450, Summon Zombie Lv 150

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 400, Electric Resistance Lv 400, Shock Resistance Lv 330, Fire Resistance Lv 540

"What the heck" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in surprise. "I didn't know we had this type of monster around these parts."

"They are a new species" Femradiel said. "If they were here before, I would have noticed. The smell of death they emit is almost unbearable. There is no way I would have missed that."

"There is no way that a new species would reach level 820 that quickly," Ryan said. " If there isn't a dungeon where they spawn in this country, where did they come from?"

Thanks to Draconic Transformation, Ryan had enough mana to keep using Clairvoyance and follow the trail the monsters left. Still, in the end, he didn't find anything. The first mark that those creatures left was on the country's East Coast, specifically on a California beach.

"They didn't come from underwater, so how?" Ryan frowned. "This doesn't make any sense."

Their first answer had been Teleport, but if someone or something teleported that army of monsters, why stop at the beach? Why not summon them near Ryan's domain since that was obviously their target? Those answers could be answered later Before anything, Ryan had to face those fuckers.

"Femradiel, try to read their minds and see if you can find anything about this sudden attack," Ryan said. "An attack at such a time is too weird considering that I spent three days in Egypt."

"I will try, but I won't promise anything. Those hellhounds are a different species of monsters," Femradiel said. "It is hard to explain, but it is like they are spectral monsters, but still possess a physical form."

In any case, while it was challenging to know the enemy who prepared that attack, Ryan still decided to fight in his human form. Some enemies knew about his draconic powers, but their numbers weren't that high. Besides, those who knew wouldn't share such valuable information with their competitors.

In the end, Ryan left his domain to face the monsters in a manner of speaking. Instead of approaching, he just began to fly above his domain. From such a place, he would be able to fire without having to worry about obstacles. However, much to his surprise, the monsters were taking their time to show up.

"It looks like their speed decreased a little, probably because they noticed our arrival," Femradiel said.

"Shouldn't they hurry up now that the dungeon master is here?" Ryan asked.

"Normally, that would be the case, but" Femradiel said.

Even Femradiel couldn't explain the oddness of the situation. There were too many inexplicable things about the attack as usual. They concluded that those weird factors were part of someone else's plan to fool or make them hesitate.

Ryan considered facing the monsters somewhere away from his domain, but there was a chance that there was a trap waiting for him ahead. Something like that happened before, after all. In the end, the Hellhounds reached a point where they began to move at a marching speed Ryan bit his lips in annoyance until they started to bleed.

"Relax, someone is obviously trying to get the better of you," Femradiel said.

"You think I don't know that?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"For someone who likes to piss others, you certainly are easy to taunt," Femradiel said.

After he was forced to wait for four hours, Ryan had it. Something snapped inside of him when for no reason at all, the Hellhounds stopped advancing and just stood still in a place twenty kilometers away from Ryan's domain. There was no mistake. Someone who knew Ryan relatively well had planned all that to make him waste time. It was obvious since the monsters stopped just outside his range and behind a mountain that was blocking the path of Ryan's projectiles.

"All right, this is it," Ryan said. "They made me lose half of a day waiting in here for nothing. I will make sure to make them pay for it."

"At least come up with some sort of plan to surprise them instead of just rushing ahead and attacking them with your archery skills," Femradiel said. "Try to annoy them the exact same way they annoyed you."

" I like that," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "You are pretty shrewd, Femradiel."

"That certainly isn't a compliment," Femradiel said.

Ryan crossed his arms and then began to think, what would be the best way to eliminate those fuckers and then make them feel as much annoyed as him? He had an idea, but it didn't seem good enough, so Ryan decided to think about it for a while longer. However, all the ideas he had would only make him waste more time and mana than necessary.

To save some mana, Ryan used only four skills, they were Draconic Transformation, Earth Creation, Teleport, and Deadly Aim. He was so pissed at those creatures that he decided to keep Draconic Transformation active even though that wasn't something he would usually do. Regardless, thanks to that, he managed to make something pretty unexpected happen he replicated a meteor rain.

Since the hellhounds were so close to each other, that worked pretty well in making Ryan's attacks be as deadly as they could. In just a matter of seconds, dozens of massive rocks fell from the sky and hit the enemies' camp.

You obtained 800 coins.

You obtained 800 coins.

You obtained 800 coins.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1