Chapter 617: Swordmaster

Chapter 617: Swordmaster

That situation repeated itself for two other days. Still, once the enemies realized that Ryan was unstoppable with his new spear, they gave up on it.

"That is disappointing. I imagined that they would try to send the big guns," Ryan frowned. "Well, let's return to our real job."

"Ryan, are you busy?" Gustavo suddenly used the telepathic link.

" I just finished a certain job," Ryan replied. "I was going to give you guys a hand."

"Well, it looks like that won't be necessary anymore" Gustavo said. "In the last two days, the levels of the Hydras' skyrocketed for some reason. They are at level 990."

"What? How?" Ryan asked, visibly astonished.

"It is hard to say since we can't check it with our own eyes," Gustavo replied. "But our guess is that they finished Poseidon's castle, and now they are killing each other to level up the species as a whole."

Ryan already knew that Poseidon doesn't do things by half, and considering Femradiel's impression of him, it was very likely that the Greek god of the seas would go as far as that. Regardless, it wasn't time to be exasperated.

"Are you guys planning to do something?" Ryan asked. "I was trying to help for the next four days, but my domain had been attacked several times by armies of monsters whose sole goal was to make me waste my time. My guess is that some Greek god is covering for him."

"Is that so I can understand that some points of our coast had also been attacked by armies of monsters that appeared out of nowhere," Gustavo said. "That was why we didn't have the chance to check anything. Still, truth to be told, I don't know anything that we can do in this type of situation. That is why, right now, we are evacuating Rio de Janeiro. We can't fight without knowing the power of the enemy. It is too dangerous not only for us but for our people as well."

Ryan couldn't help but nod at that. Even he wasn't feeling that confident in trying to do anything at such a moment. He had expected that he would use Seal on some Hydras and make his spear into a weapon specialized in hunting aquatic monsters. Still, it looked like he wouldn't have time, even for that.

"I will try to keep in contact and inform you if something happens," Gustavo said. "If I were you, I would alert your friends. But, unfortuenately, the only thing we can do right now is preparing for the unavoidable."

After that, Gustavo cancelled the telepathic link. While his reasoning was sound, Ryan still saw himself hesitating amidst that mess. His usual self would try to fight, but as expected, that was a waste of time since the monsters' levels increased dozens of times in just a few days. Most likely, the human race has only ten hours before the first dungeon master puts his feet on Earth. After making up his mind, Ryan used the telepathic channel to contact Alissa.

"I already know, Ryan," Alissa said. "You don't have to tell me. I am going to stay near the kids and see how things will play out."

"I am glad to see that you are getting smarter," Ryan said. "Did you already inform the others?"

"Yep, they didn't believe me, though," Alissa said. "That is why I brought them to the ocean to fight against a Hydra. They almost wet themselves, not with the ocean's water."

"All right then," Ryan said. "Keep me informed if something happens."

Daniel's group wasn't near the base by the look of things, so Alissa made some random survivors confirm things with her. Regardless, that was only a small detail. Ryan also had to prepare for the arrival, but he didn't know what he could do aside from strengthening himself. Instead of thinking about it while he was standing still, he decided to clear some underground dungeons and make sure that Poseidon will have a hard time rebuilding the army he was destroying right at that moment.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Swordmaster, Sentinel, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Swordmaster!

You obtained the following skills: Deflect, Discipline, and Blade Dance.

Your health and strength will increase by six points. Your stamina, mana, intelligence and endurance will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Deflect.

Effect: it grants you the chance to fire back projectiles throw at you.

Cost: 100 stamina

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Discipline.

Effect: It passively increases your strength and speed by five points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Blade Dance.

Effect: A storm of sword strikes that causes critical damage even when the attacks are blocked.

Cost: 250 stamina.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Not the best options or skills considering my fighting style, but I guess it is better than nothing," Ryan shrugged.

When Ryan decided to look for another dungeon, all the ocean began to tremble. Ryan thought he would have ten or so hours, but only two had passed his luck was really terrible Femradiel warned him to stay away from the ocean for the time being, and Ryan followed her advice.

After teleporting toward the nearest beach, Ryan and Femradiel decided to see with their own eyes if things would change that much and sooner than they expected, things began to change. The ocean waves turned more violent, and little by little, they began to invade the lands Ryan thought that something big would come that would destroy the remaining of human civilization. Still, instead of that, something steady but equally intense came the ocean level began to grow, and all the beaches in the distance began to disappear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1