Chapter 619: Mariner

Chapter 619: Mariner

Even while he was fighting indirectly against Poseidon, Ryan couldn't pull his punches, so he flew around the country in his draconic form since he would have access to more mana and recovery. Thus, he would be able to summon more golems and faster. Considering how effective they had been until now, there was no point in wondering if they would surpass the level cap of Ryan's human form. Thanks to that, Ryan also began to imagine if he shouldn't wall the entire continent with those golems. If he gives them the order to emit a cold breeze, they will be able to freeze everything around, even the ocean. However, that kind of strategy was flawed. The first reason was that it would take too long. The second reason was that Ryan would essentially give fuel for Poseidon to increase his powers even more. Every time his golems are defeated, Poseidon will grow stronger. They will be defeated since the monsters in the oceans will undoubtedly try to destroy the said wall.

"While I was the one who said you should do this, I believe this is only a temporary solution," Femradiel said. "Other dungeons around the world will be submerged, and Poseidon will gain more power, and his army will be the same."

"I know that," Ryan said. "Every day, he will be able to flood even more land, so the scope of his actions will increase."

That was the afternoon of the second day since Poseidon's dungeon reached the max level, and on that morning, Poseidon tried to drown the world again, and this time his waster invaded the land for one hundred and twenty kilometers before they were forced to go back. It was hard to believe that Poseidon grew twenty percent stronger in a single day, but other methods could become stronger.

Ryan only found a couple of dungeons that he hadn't cleared yet, and all of them gave him classes that he already had. Still, fortunately, he got lucky in one to some extent.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Knight, Mariner, and Wizard.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Mariner!

You obtained the following skills: Sea Wolf, Sea Expert, and Mariner Specialization.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sea Wolf.

Effect: It grants you a bonus in all status while fighting over platforms in the ocean. The bonus in attributes will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sea Expert.

Effect: While fighting in the ocean, it grants you extra resistance against negative effects. The negative effects decrease by one percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mariner Specialization.

Effect: It restores your health, mana, and stamina whenever a sea creature is defeated. The amount restored will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by five.

You obtained 01 status points.

"It looks like fate itself is telling you that you should fight in boats" Femradiel said. "You can't deny that, considering this skill and the fact that Poseidon is the first dungeon master to arrive."

"I really can't hear the voice of fate" Ryan shrugged.

"You can deny that as much as you want, but I guess it is a fact," Femradiel said. "Anyway, look at the bright side, you just gained three passive skills, and you like them a lot."

Before Ryan could try to argue with Femradiel even more, he received a call from Gustavo. He certainly took his time, considering that his base was the one who suffered the most since the previous day. Still, it looks like things went well with them since he didn't forcefully open the channel

"Sorry, Ryan we messed up," Gustavo said after a long sigh.

"Did something happen?" Ryan asked.

Gustavo sounded pretty down, and that was weird. Not to mention, Ryan couldn't imagine reason as to why Gustavo would have to say sorry for him. Still, Ryan had more or less an idea as to why he was apologizing.

"We lost our domain," Gustavo said. "While two of us still have another domain stone, we lost our first to the monsters. While they will obtain full control over it once I die, things are as bad as they could be."

Ryan took some time to absorb that piece of information. Domains were the only ace on humanity's side. Without them, they couldn't attack or defend properly. Now that Poseidon was trying to submerge the continents, Gustavo and his friends could only run away from their previous home.

"It was unavoidable," Ryan said while he was massaging his forehead. "Just make sure not to give too many chances for the enemy to kill you. As long as you stay alive, we can always recover the domain later."

"All right how are things on your end?" Gustavo asked.

"For the time being, we didn't lose much since we don't have any camps near the coasts," Ryan replied. "Femradiel and I are trying to seal some dungeons and prevent that this flood gives Poseidon even more power and coins. You guys should do the same. Summon Ice Golem will do the trick."

"Yeah, the last thing we need is to let Poseidon keep doing whatever he wants," Gustavo said. "I will talk to you later. Good luck, Ryan."

After saying that, Gustavo ended the call. As for Ryan, he let out a long sigh. The reason being was that he could only think of a single method to stop Poseidon now defeating him was probably impossible, but tiring him out would make him unable to cause the flood.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1