Chapter 614: Invisibility

Chapter 614: Invisibility

"I hope you like that damn group of dirty dogs," Ryan said.

While magic wasn't his specialty, Ryan still managed to take down thousands of those creatures. Still, thanks to that, he noticed that he didn't kill a single boss someone send an army of minions just to make him waste time. That became evident when the hellhounds scattered around the area, but not to escape from Ryan's range, but to increase his work.

"That is obvious now someone doesn't want you to try to slow down Poseidon's return," Femradiel said.

That became obvious a while ago, and Ryan couldn't help but curse his own carelessness. Why he didn't consider that other dungeon masters would cover for Poseidon? It was only natural that something like that would happen since he was a Greek god most likely other Greek gods were helping him since he will probably do the same for them. Not to mention, Ryan has been a pain in so many dungeons masters' side that it was evident that certain groups would know of him and come up with plans to at least stop him. After all, he survived battle against many dungeon masters that were considered to be at the same level as the Elder gods.

"I had imagined that we would have a hard time striking at the enemies while we had to guard this place, but at some point, I forgot about it," Ryan said. "In any case, whoever sends those creatures, probably will need some time to organize another army of this size, so we need to kill them as fast as possible."

"Let's split up. We will deal with them faster that way," Femradiel said.

"Do you have the strength to deal with a smaller group of hellhounds?" Ryan frowned. "Your status shows me that certainly isn't the case."

"If the result of fights were decided by status alone, humans would have gone extinct by now," Femradiel said, and then she began to fly. "If you maintain your draconic form, I will be able to use my power more freely, thus defeating them will be easier as well. Don't think about canceling the skill, Ryan. Just think that this is an extension of the real fight against Poseidon."

After saying that, Femradiel used Teleport and disappeared. It didn't take long for Ryan to receive the notifications of the coins he was receiving. As expected, Femradiel could show power beyond the limit of her status.

"I suppose I can't hold back either" Ryan said and then sighed. "It is time to go all out."

Ryan used Teleport and then appeared above a group of one hundred Hellhounds. The monsters immediately tried to open their mouths and attack him. Still, they failed at doing so since Ryan impaled them through their mouths with his Hydra's bow. For a short while, the magic arrows made the monsters get stuck on the ground, at least the ones that survived. However, soon after, Ryan dealt the killing blow. In less than five seconds, Ryan killed the whole group.

"Next," Ryan said and then used Teleport.

Even from a distance, and even though he actually couldn't be seen, the Hellhounds felt Ryan's presence and tried to move away from him. As expected, when they didn't have any other choice, they would fight, but when they had, they didn't even try to ambush him. They really had come to make him waste time...

"These guys they can't stop pissing me off," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Still, while their plan is annoying, the level of the enemies is actually good for me."

Congratulations! The skill Draconic Transformation has leveled up.

Ryan's status in his draconic form was increasing non-stop, so whoever made this plan, it certainly wasn't a tactical genius. Regardless, Ryan and Femradiel moved from one place to another and hunted down all the fifty thousand hellhounds. While that took a good part of their day, it didn't look like it was over.

"I am sensing another army of monsters approaching" Femradiel suddenly appeared and then said. "They are coming from the West."

"At this rate, we will stay here until Poseidon returns to Earth," Ryan said.

Although he said that while he maintained a neutral expression, Ryan's first was clenching. As expected, it pained Ryan to admit that, but he needed more allies. He couldn't show his true power by reacting to those kinds of attacks.

"Femradiel, it looks like we have been overlooking some assholes," Ryan said. "It is time to find them. I don't know for how long this will last, but I am starting to think this will help in the long run."

"What do you have in mind?" Femradiel asked.

"While I protect the domain, with your skills, you will try to find out the dungeons those monsters came from," Ryan replied. "After that, we will clear the dungeons of Poseidon's friends."

"I suppose that is the only way, but unlike you, I am not good at stealth, so I will need some help," Femradiel said.

"I suppose it can't be helped," Ryan said and then opened the dungeon shop.

Invisibility tome

Effect: by using the light element, it grants you the power to absorb all sources of light and make you invisible.

Cost: 30 mana per second

Price: 10.000.000 coins.

It was surprising that Femradiel didn't have that skill, but in the end, it kind of made sense. Dragons were proud of their strength, so they wouldn't use that kind of skill for hunting. Ryan had plenty of coins, so he didn't hesitate to buy them. While the cost was pretty high, Ryan didn't a problem when he uses Draconic Transformation.

"You know, there is always the option of asking for help," Femradiel said. "While they aren't many, there are some people who would help you if you ask them."

"I would rather not lose a good chance to level up my skills," Ryan said. "While it seems like I am wasting my time, it is not like I am the only one trying to stop Poseidon. You can think that my presence in the ocean will only slow down the inevitable for a day or two."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1