Chapter 624: Brawler

Chapter 624: Brawler

While Ryan was clearing the next dungeon, he came up with a way to level up his skeletons as fast as possible. It was simple he just had to use his golems and even Furball for that. A real fight was always the best answer for a sudden power-up, but a fake also could help.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Brawler, Ranger, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Brawler!

You obtained the following skills: Chaotic Punch, Dragon Rising, and Prideful Roar.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your stamina, mana, mentality, and willpower will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Chaotic Punch.

Effect: A powerful attack that can cause damage to several enemies in the area.

Cost: 100 stamina.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Dragon Rising.

Effect: A powerful vertical strike that paralyzes the enemy hit while you still move upward.

Cost: 100 stamina.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Prideful Roar.

Effect: A roar that increases the strength of your allies in an area and decreases the endurance of the enemies in the same area.

Range: 30 meters per level.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"Well, this one will be useful for the Skeleton Knights," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "The question is: how can I use the Prideful Roar underwater?"

That was a question Ryan probably won't be able to find an easy answer to. Regardless, as usual, he will have some time to think while he levels up his skellies. Although Ryan could clear those tier three dungeons with relative ease without his draconic powers, he could feel that his growth had slowed down more than a little bit.

While Ryan was looking for the third dungeon, he also noticed the changes that Poseidon's arrival brought to the northern lands of the continent. He thought the cold would freeze the ocean waters and thus create a natural barrier, but in fact, Ryan's guesses were completely off the mark. Poseidon's power made the ice actually melt. Coast cities in that region that were covered snow now were completely free of the ice, thanks to the rise of the ocean levels.

"I guess this is due to the fact that Poseidon is using mana to raise the oceans' level," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "It should be harder to freeze water created by mana, than ordinary water. Don't you think Shit."

It looked like Ryan developed some questionable habits. Thinking aloud was one of them since Femradiel had been nearby for quite a while to comment about his actions and thoughts. Still, it looked like he didn't value her enough since he ignored her opinion about the previous job and her instincts as well. In the end, both of them lost a lot thanks to Ryan's actions. Still, Femradiel lost much more Hopefully, Ryan will be able to solve that. Still, he had no idea if Femradiel was fine or if he would fast enough.

"Keep your mind on the game, Ryan," Ryan shook his head. "Wondering what might happen won't help you prevent any sort of trouble."

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

As soon as Ryan reached the third dungeon, he felt that something was off. It was that odd feeling that he was being watched by something Still, that was weird since he was using invisibility.

"My apologies for bothering you," Isis suddenly said. "I couldn't help but notice that you are alone now, so I have come to talk about it."

"You don't need to beat around the bush," Ryan said. "If you have anything to say, just say it."

"You failed despite everything," Isis said. "I can't say that is unexpected, given the current circumstances. Still, it looks like you lost a lot more than I expected. What happened to your partner?"

"I can't give such valuable information for free," Ryan said.

"Well, I can guess what had happened, I just didn't want to talk as if I were underestimating you now that she isn't helping you," Isis said. "Regardless, I decided to contact you and say that Poseidon is doing more than I imagined, he is going as far as sacrificing his troops to level certain dungeons."

"I imagine the dungeon masters are other Greek gods," Ryan said.

"You guess is correct," Isis said. "I am trying to prevent that as much as possible since that will make things as bad as they can be, but there is only so much I can do. I believe we can work together to delay the others."

"I failed once. Why do you believe I will succeed this time?" Ryan asked. "Not to mention, I can't waste time with that. I have another goal in mind."

"Rescuing your friends, isn't it?" Isis asked. "Well, you should know that the other Greek gods won't just watch you attack one of their own. Even less so a team player like Poseidon."

Ryan let out a long sigh. Since he was trying to be rational this time and careful, he couldn't help but think that ignoring them would be unwise. Not to mention that in such a situation, Ryan couldn't really ignore a chance to level up his classes. He needed all the power he could get.

" Even if we were to try anything, it would take too long to find the dungeons under their control," Ryan said.

"That is not a problem. I have a collaborator on their side that gave me the location of all their dungeons," Isis said. "I was planning to make you two meet each other, but they don't believe in humans all that much.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1