Chapter 627: Bad News

Chapter 627: Bad news

Fire Harpy Lv 850

Health: 35.000 /35.000

Mana: 65.000/65.000

Stamina: 40.000/40.000

Strength: 2500 (+1800)

Dexterity: 2000 (+500)

Speed: 4500 (+1200)

Intelligence: 6500 (1200)

Endurance: 2000 (+1500)

Control: 2500 (+800)

Mentality: 4500 (+800)

Luck: 2500 (+300)

Recovery: 15.000 (+2000)

Willpower: 4500 (+800)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 350, Burning Claws Lv 450

Passive Physical Skills: Fiery Aura Lv 550, Augmented Recovery Lv 200, Augmented Speed Lv 250

Spells: Magma Sphere Lv 650, Magma Charge Lv 500, Explosive Impact Lv 480, Volcanic Rain Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 650, Shock Resistance Lv 200, Cold Resistance Lv 150, Earth Resistance Lv 400, Fire Immunity Lv 250

"I wonder how my predictions were so off the mark" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Why did the level of the monsters skyrocketed after they reached the seven hundred mark?"

Ryan recalled that Femradiel mentioned something called: the planet's mana level. Maybe now that the world was recovering, the energy to withstand the energy to support the return of the elder gods helped with that Regardless, Ryan was more worried about the number of Fire Harpies instead of their level.

Fire Harpies weren't much different from the ordinary ones. The only real differences were their blood-like eyes and their wings that were on fire. Their numbers easily reached the one hundred thousand mark, but Ryan couldn't see many bosses.

"I guess the dungeon master tried to expand their territory, failed and decided to change their strategy speaking of which, I should have asked Isis who are the dungeon masters of the places I am going to raid," Ryan thought while he was moving away from the dungeon.

It was time to return to his basics. That was why Ryan moved away from the army of harpies. He still had three hours before the time of the attack, so he will use that free time to increase his chances of success. Golems were too big and made a lot of noise, so even though they were stronger than his skeletons, they weren't the best option for Ryan at the moment. So, he will use his skeletons as a diversion. Fortunately, the skeleton wizards could cast Fire Arrow, so the massive difference in power will decrease quite a bit thanks to it.

Ryan had to use mana potions like there was no tomorrow to create an army big enough to draw the attention of so many harpies for a few minutes. Still, he was fully aware that it was a good investment since he will get a lot of items from them. Unfortunately, selling them wasn't an option now that Ryan couldn't use Draconic Transformation, so he will have to use Mana-Eater.

"I can't keep Invisibility active while I attack, so I will need to be fast and precise," Ryan muttered to himself. At the same time, he looked at his five thousand skeletons. "You guys will focus on defense and nothing else, you guys will focus on using attacks that will hit many enemies, and you guys will use Frozen Arrows like there is no tomorrow."

After giving those orders to the skeleton knights, skeleton archers, and skeleton wizards, respectively, Ryan used Invisibility again and then used Teleport to appear a few hundred meters away from the monster's base.

"It looks like you are ready for the attack," Isis suddenly said.

Ryan took a deep breath to calm down. He absolutely hated it when people suddenly used Telekinesis to talk to him. Not only was it bad for his heart to suddenly hear a voice on the back of his mind, but it was also nerve-wracking and annoying as hell.

"Did you contact me just to check on that?" Ryan asked.

"No, I have news from my contributor about Femradiel," Isis said.

"Really that was fast, strangely fast," Ryan said.

"You shouldn't underestimate the power of the elder gods," Isis said. "Regardless, your friend is alive and relatively well. Spiritual magic isn't Poseidon's forte, so it will take a while before he can destroy her spirit. In the meanwhile, he is using her spirit as a battery."

" How?" Ryan asked.

"Since she is a dragon, she can recover a lot of energy in a short amount of time, even without a physical form," Isis explained. "It is hard to explain this in words that you can understand, but putting in simple terms, Poseidon is using a higher version of Magic Vampirism. With that kind of power, he will be able to erase her memories and turn her spirit into something that is unable to feel, or think about anything. That is one of many ways of dying in spiritual form."

Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. Defeating an enemy was something. In a battle where lives hang in the balance, it was only natural that both sides would try to eliminate their foes and make sure that they won't have a hard time in the hands of the same enemy still, erasing memories wasn't something a true warrior should do. Not to mention, Femradiel already experienced that, and she decided to swallow her pride and work with Ryan to retrieve her old memories.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

"You shouldn't get too angry, though," Isis said. "As I said before, she is fighting back and that is easy because she only has less than a year's worth of memories."

That was easier said than done. Still, Ryan could understand where Isis was coming from. At the moment, they couldn't afford to think of anything else, and they had to slow down the progress of the other elder gods from Greece.

"If we all succeed in this task, we will deal a great blow to their plans," Isis said. "We will slow down their progress in at least two weeks, so we will have some leeway for a while. As your reward for your cooperation, we might help you on a rescuing mission, but only if we succeed in both attacks."

That was what Ryan wanted to hear. Now he felt more compelled to eliminate the monsters even though he had no idea if Isis and her allies would be of any help.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1