Chapter 623: Realization

Chapter 623: Realization

Before doing anything, Ryan decided to swallow his pride and ask Alissa a few questions. While he decided to keep her away from the real problem that was the issue of Femradiel's kidnapping? In the end, Ryan looked really suspicious.

"Alissa, I want to ask you if you know any dungeons that can grant me the necromancer class aside from that one in Mexico," Ryan said. "If you have the location of any other tier three dungeon, it will help me. I can pay you if you want as well."

"Did something happen? Or do you think the world is ending now that Poseidon returned and he is playing with the oceans?" Alissa asked. "Anyway, I can't help but feel creeped out when you ask me a favor with such a serious tone."

" Just answer the question, Alissa," Ryan said after a long sigh.

"All right, all right," Alissa said. "Geez, how can you be so boring all the time?"

In the end, Ryan discovered the location of four other tier-three dungeons, and the fifth one would grant him the necromancer class. He was one hundred percent certain that such a class would be a trump against Poseidon's troops. Regardless, four of them were in Canada, and the other was in Alaska.

"You have my thanks; how much do you want to for this information?" Ryan asked.

"It is okay, this will be just another one you will owe me," Alissa said. "I am kind of busy with the training of my soldiers, so I will end the call here. See ya."

In the end, increase his tab didn't make Ryan all that bothered. It was for a good reason, after all. Without wasting any more time, Ryan activated Invisibility and then used Teleport.

The first dungeon was naturally the place where Ryan would obtain the Necromancer class. Although it was a tier-three dungeon and the monsters being spawned Trolls that could regenerate at fearsome speed and had steel-like skin, Ryan still easily cleared the place. The number of monsters nearby was low since Alissa and her allies cleaned the place, so Ryan couldn't help but frown a little. Since he always had a hard time clearing those levels of dungeons.

"I remember I ignored this dungeon before Still, how can my luck be so bad?" Ryan asked after a long sigh. "I would have an easier time until if I had cleared this place before."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Royal Knight, Demon Hunter, and Necromancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Necromancer!

You obtained the following skills: Summon Skeleton Knight, Summon Skeleton Archer, and Summon Skeleton Wizard.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your health, stamina, recovery, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Skeleton Knight.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a skeleton specialized in melee combat.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Skeleton Archer.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a skeleton specialized in ranged combat.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Skeleton Wizard.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a skeleton specialized in magic attacks.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan immediately summoned the skeletons, one of each type. They were basically the same as he remembers at that time. He cleared that other skeletons' dungeon. Archers were more dexterity and speed-oriented; knights were more strength and endurance-oriented, and mages were intelligence and willpower oriented. Truth to be told, Ryan was disappointed, primarily because of the cost of the skill since that more or less determined their potential.

" Let's see if this can work," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully after he had a certain idea.

Ryan took one crossbow out of his storage space and gave it to the skeleton archer. The monster not only received but is also used the weapon as soon as Ryan gave the order. As expected, the cost was a bit too high for a level one monster, but the potential was there.

"This is much better than relying on bone weapons that are just there for show," Ryan smirked. "Let's hope these bad boys will actually be useful underwater."

Since that worked for the archers, it also worked for the skeleton knights and skeleton wizards. However, while giving real weapons to them was an excellent way to power them up, it wasn't that achievable of a goal. Ryan couldn't produce so many weapons, the only way for him to arm an entire arm of skeletons was to keep clearing massive dungeons non-stop. Not to mention, he couldn't just summon the skeletons away. So, mobility was also a problem.

"Well, whatever," Ryan shrugged. "It will take a while to level up those guys. Besides, I can always summon another skeleton once one falls. As long as the weapon isn't destroyed, it can always be reused."

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

It would be great if the skeletons actually could work alongside Magic Vampirism. Still, after just a couple of minutes, Ryan realized that wasn't possible. It would be way too convenient While Ryan was heading toward the next dungeon, he couldn't but realize that Furball really was the perfect ally. While he could be killed, he could be resummoned later. Ryan wanted more skills like that, but as expected, find them would be hard. Discovering if they exist or not would be already an accomplishment in itself.

" Things are too quiet," Ryan said after a long sigh. "I don't remember disliking silence oh, boy"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1