Chapter 628: Vampirism

Chapter 628: Vampirism

When the time came, Ryan gave the order for his skeletons to march. Even amidst the desert, their steps quickly raised a curtain of dust that drew the attention of the Fire Harpies. Ryan saw all the monsters turning around to look at what was approaching their territory from a distance. The diversion easily achieved their first goal: make all the monsters show their exposed back to Ryan. Still, that wasn't enough Ryan had to wait until the harpies began to attack.

Even though they couldn't see what was inside the dust cloud, the Fire Harpies still decided to attack, but their fire projectiles were blocked by a massive wall of skeletons. Meanwhile, Ryan began to attack. After using dozens of DEX potions, Ryan fired dozens of arrows with his magic bows. In a single moment, ten harpies were killed with bolts on their napes. But before they could fall and alert the others, they were pulled back by a strange force. That was the power of Hookshot.

You obtained 450 coins.

You obtained 450 coins.

You obtained 450 coins.

"Not bad" Ryan muttered. "I guess with this many coins I can afford to be a bit crazy."

Congratulations! You have learned the skill Vampirism.

Effect: It grants you the chance to recover one point of health when attacking per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

That was a golden time to train his skills, so Ryan spent fifty thousand million coins to learn Vampirism and didn't hesitate even for a second. While Ryan didn't need that skill, it would be useful against Poseidon for the time being. After all, his goal wasn't only to rescue Femradiel. It was to bring down the god of the seas.

Ryan noticed that his skeletons were lasting more than he had imagined. When he used Clairvoyance to understand why he saw a rain of projectiles coming from the ground stopping the non-concentrated wave of attacks coming from the enemy side. While they were together, the teamwork of the harpies was seriously lacking. Meanwhile, the skeletons who only had to follow a few orders were doing an excellent job.

Unfortunately, Ryan didn't stay hidden for long. After a while, several harpies began to notice that something was off, and they found a mountain of corpses behind them. Ryan made sure to focus on them, but thanks to it, his attack speed decreased exponentially.

"I suppose it can't be helped" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Besides, it is not like I don't have a countermeasure for this."

Instead of focusing on accuracy, Ryan decided to focus on speed. Dozens upon dozens of enemies were pulled back by his Hookshot. While the monsters didn't get close enough, they still were pulled several meters and fell to the ground due to the power of Ryan's bolts. Before they could do anything, other harpies fell right above them and prevented the creatures from recovering.

"Ah, crap this heat" Ryan muttered while he was having a hard time keeping his vision focused with the pile of burning corpses in front of him.

That strategy worked for a while until the bosses finally showed up. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't attack them with his crossbows because that would eventually lead him to be completely surrounded by a massive number of enemies.

The harpies began to flap their wings, and then massive magma spheres began to fall down toward Ryan's direction. Upon noticing their range, Ryan didn't have to hold back anymore.

"Let's see if you can fly with a single wing," Ryan smirked.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Suddenly, the wings of several of those bosses exploded. Flesh and blood moved in all directions, and the monsters had no idea of what Ryan did. It was simple: he used the Power of Money. After activating it several times in a few seconds, not even the bosses of that level could escape unscathed.

"I will make sure that all the fuckers in the world will pay for making me use this again" Ryan said while showing a vicious glint in his eyes.

The monsters tried, but as expected, they failed at keeping themselves flying with a single wing. While Fly could have solved that issue, the monsters didn't have it. Ryan found that weird, but he paid no mind to it.

At that point in time, half of the monsters had already noticed that Ryan was behind them. For quite a while, they hesitated in attacking a single creature or thousands of skeletons. Ryan already knew what they would do, so he changed his plans once again.

Suddenly dark clouds appeared above the battlefield, and that surprised the monsters since they didn't see a single cloud since the very first day they were spawned, but the surprises didn't end there. Lightning bolts began to fall from the sky and immediately hit and shocked hundreds of harpies.

Congratulations! The skill Thunder Storm has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Thunder Storm has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Thunder Storm has leveled up.

The monsters didn't die since the skill level was low, but that paralyzed them for quite a while and prevented them from making their minds too quickly from Ryan's perspective.

Hookshot became useless since the monsters were already aware of Ryan's existence, so he stopped using the skill and activated Arrow Shower and Rapid Shot. The number of monsters being hit increased, and the number of corpses increased as well. Thanks to that, the monsters realized once and for all that Ryan alone was more dangerous than the army of skeletons, so they turned to face him.

"It is time, huh" Ryan frowned.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan used Teleport and disappeared from the Fire Harpies' field of vision for several seconds. They just stayed there waiting for something to happen, but nothing happened. The skeleton archers and wizards used that chance to bombard the harpies, and then they turned around to face them. However, Ryan suddenly returned to ground level, and after a few moments, it started to rain combat machines.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1