Chapter 626: Shaman

Chapter 626: Shaman

While his plan of training skeletons will have to be customized a little bit, Ryan was quite satisfied with the classes he was getting. The ones he will probably get given that it was evident that they were tier-three dungeons.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Holy Knight, Ranger, and Shaman.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Shaman!

You obtained the following skills: Fire Totem, Ice Totem, and Electric Totem.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fire Totem.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a fire totem that attracts the power of fire spirits, increasing the power of fire-related attacks by two percent per level. The range of the effectiveness of the totem will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten meters. All allied creatures within the range will benefit from the bonuses.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ice Totem.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an ice totem that attracts the power of ice spirits, increasing the power of ice-related attacks by two percent per level. The range of the effectiveness of the totem will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten meters. All allied creatures within the range will benefit from the bonuses.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Totem.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an electric totem that attracts the power of electric spirits, increasing the power of electric-related attacks by two percent per level. The range of the effectiveness of the totem will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten meters. All allied creatures within the range will benefit from the bonuses.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

The only issue was the classes he was getting it was strange that lately, he only had one real option to pick. Regardless, their skills were selective in their uses, but they had a lot of potential.

Although Ryan hurried, in the end, he decided to clear the other dungeons Alissa mentioned later. Without Femradiel's draconic powers, he would need to try a little harder to defeat armies of monsters in just a few hours. So, preparation was the key. That being said, Ryan's preparations only resumed to his creation of potions.

"Things would be easier if I still had that spear" Ryan said and then sighed. "Unfortunately, Femradiel had to make it explode in order to scare those fuckers and then make them deactivate the magic barrier."

Ryan began his preparations while he moved back to his domain. Fortunately, he found a secure and peaceful place there to do that kind of job. That being said, Furball was working quite a lot to defeat all the monsters. Even with the help of twenty thousand golems, things still were pretty intense for him. Ryan summoned hundreds of skeleton wizards to help, but in the end, it will take a while before those become a decent force.

"I suppose I should also summon skeleton knights and archers while this mission won't take long, all the time I can obtain by training them is welcome," Ryan nodded to himself.

While that also took some of his time and mana, Ryan also used his shaman skills and created fire totems. Those would help the fire golems since they couldn't level up anymore.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

On the morning of the next day, Ryan began to fly while invisible toward his first target. While he still had many essences to use to craft potions, he decided to do that while he flies to that place. It would be a pain if something happens and he becomes unable to take a look at his target before the attack.

When Ryan approached Africa and headed toward a straight line toward his target, he immediately noticed things were even worse than on the coast. He crossed the northern coast of the continent when he was going to Egypt. The temperature was so high that even though Ryan leveled up his Fire Resistance and Heat Resistance against many enemies, he still felt pretty uncomfortable. The heat itself continued to rise up in the sky for hundreds of meters, to the point where Ryan barely could keep his eyes open for long. As if moving while flying and keeping invisibility active didn't cost enough mana, Ryan also had to use Water Creation and Cryomancy to cool down things a little bit.

While Ryan knew that a good part of Africa was made by deserts, the monsters' arrival made things even worse. Ryan couldn't see a single plant, river, or oasis in hundreds of kilometers. That was truly a paradise for fire-based monsters. As for Ryan, it was a hellish environment, even more so when he grew used to seeing Femradiel using ice magic left and right.

Ryan made a mistake he assumed that things couldn't get any worse. When Ryan found his target, he saw a mountain literally covered with monsters. As if that wasn't enough, there were dozens of thousands of fire harpies flying around the mountain that was probably the highest concentration of monsters he had seen so far, to the point where he questioned if Isis hadn't sent him to the hardest place, instead of the easiest one.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

" Keep your head cool, Ryan," Ryan said after a long sigh. "There is no point in thinking about such possibilities. Just think this is a necessary step to rescue Femradiel."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1