Chapter 625: Contribuitor

Chapter 625: Contribuitor

Ryan frowned when he heard that Considering Isis's words, it looked like one of the Greek gods wanted to see their own brothers and sisters failing to become the new rulers of the world. That didn't make any sense So, Ryan couldn't help but think that Isis was trying to mess with his head.

"I can understand why you look so doubtful," Isis said. "However, there are dungeon masters and dungeon masters. Not all of them care about supremacy or standing above the others. If there exist humans like you who don't care about using your power to become the leader or the king of your race, then it is perfectly natural that there are elder gods that think differently of the others. You can think of them like people, people who have much more intense feelings because they have been living for quite a while."

In Ryan's head, the more someone lives, the less intense they become. Humans were more or less like that since they settle down after a certain age and tend to pursue a calmer life.

"So, which is it?" Isis asked. "Are you going to participate or not? Since that was, I have a task that many others will benefit from, just like me, I do intend to reward you. I think maybe I should pay you beforehand, since your friends aren't with you."

"Before that, answer me one question," Ryan said. "Poseidon's underlings managed to extract Femradiel from my body, but I still have the skills that I obtained thanks to her. So, she is alive, but for how long? Can you kill a spirit or at least maintain it locked for a while?"

"There are many types of elder gods, so their abilities aren't exactly the same," Isis said. "That being said, for a warrior type like Poseidon, he probably can damage a spirit, but since he didn't do until now, it means that your friend is fighting back, so it will take a while probably."

In the end, Ryan could only sigh. He tried to look for comfort in the wrong place. Isis was just an ex-target that wasn't attacking humans because she was at war against another dungeon master.

"Since you are that worried, I ask my contributor if they can find something about Femradiel," Isis said. "This might take a while though. A few days at least, that should be more than enough time to attack the dungeons I mentioned."

"So, you are trying to motivate me by offering something that isn't certain?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Besides, why don't you reveal who this contributor is?

"It can't be helped, they can't raise suspicion," Isis said. "I apologize, but I can't reveal it, most of the Greek elder gods are pretty close to each other, so if I reveal who I am working with, it might cause some problems."

"They will discover anyway, if we don't attack the dungeons that don't belong to them," Ryan said.

"I already considered that, and I will attack all the dungeons," Isis said. "I won't leave any traces behind."

" Very well," Ryan said after a long sigh. "Try to find more about Femradiel's situation. Also, if you don't mind, I would like to attack the bases of the assholes who have been bothering me in the last few days."

"I was planning to do that from the beginning, since it would make me less suspicious," Isis said. "We will attack several dungeons at the same time tomorrow at noon, that way, the dungeon masters won't have much time to react and help each other. The issue here is time and speed, so we will deal another attack on the same day at midnight. Don't pull your punches and you should achieve the goal without any problem."

Even with Femradiel, Ryan had a hard time defeating thousands of enemies in just a few hours, but this wasn't a question if it was possible. He just has to do it. Regardless, after hearing a few more details, Isis told Ryan where his targets were. The first one was at Niger; it was a dungeon that spawned Fire Harpies, and the second was in Turkey. That dungeon was spawning Dullahan's It was quite the odd combination.

"What happened to the Hellhounds and Cyclops?" Ryan asked.

"I believe you will have a hard time dealing with the bosses of those species, but you don't have to worry, the dungeon masters are the same that sent those armies," Isis said. "Regardless, I have preparations to make, you should hurry up and do the same."

After that, Isis canceled Telepathy, and basically, at the same time, Ryan charged toward the next dungeon to clear. Once again, he had a hard time since Alissa cleaned up the place probably a few days ago.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Berserker, Demon Hunter, and Battlemage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Berserker!

You obtained the following skills: Tenacity, Mocking Shout, and Diehard.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Tenacity.

Effect: It passively increases your mentality and willpower by five points per level up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mocking Shout.

Effect: A powerful shout that decreases the enemies' endurance, strength, and speed by five points per level of this skill.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Diehard.

Effect: When your health decreases to one point, this skill will be activated, granting you a semi-immortality for a determined amount of time. The time will be equal to the level of the skill in seconds.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Another melee class, huh, how convenient" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "I am planning to punch a lot of the faces of those annoying guys, after all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1