Chapter 620: Rhodos

Chapter 620: Rhodos

"Hey, Femradiel," Ryan said. "I don't like to give you orders as to how you should increase your powers, but you should power up your intelligence and Telekinesis. Right now, using the spear will be the only way for you to cause as much damage as me on my draconic form."

"With that spear, I am almost at your level already," Femradiel said. "So, you don't have to worry about it."

"Why? How can that be?" Ryan frowned.

"A good part of the weapon is made of ice; thus, Ice Manipulation and Telekinesis can work well together," Femradiel replied. "Didn't you notice that you used too easily a weapon that is twice a big as the previous one?"

"Not really I just assumed the continuous level-ups of Draconic Transformation did that," Ryan replied. "Anyway, if that is the case, then we can face Poseidon's army."

"As usual you rush ahead without thinking" Femradiel said and then sighed. "Are you sure this is a good idea?"

"No, but I can't think of any other way to stop him from flooding the world," Ryan replied. "While he is the god of the seas, his power is probably limited out of it."

"Even while limited, you still probably are out of his league," Femradiel said. "Even considering Draconic Transformation."

"If you have a better idea, I am all ears," Ryan said.

Femradiel just stayed silent while she shrugged. While Ryan also wasn't confident in his plan, he knew that just letting Poseidon do as he pleases won't make things any easier for him. So, Ryan decided to bet that he would become a thorn on his side and annoy him so much and force Poseidon to make a mistake somewhere. While that wasn't a direct strategy like the ones he uses usually, again it was the best one he came up with.

"Since you are such a worrywart, let's start while being careful," Ryan said. "Focus on learning more about his actions and patterns."

"Let's hope we will time to do that," Femradiel said.

"Holy Freya why are you pessimistic today?" Ryan frowned.

"I just have a feeling that things won't go as you planned," Femradiel said. "Since you barely planned anything, after all."

"Again, if you have a better idea, I am all ears," Ryan said.

Ryan teleported to the ocean and then noticed that several things changed. The population of monsters skyrocketed, and it looked like the big guns weren't hunting the small fries anymore. Femradiel quickly wiped them out by making the Double Mutant Spear spin. While underwater, a lot more mana was required to do that. The small fries quickly were chopped into pieces.

"Their levels increased it looks like Poseidon doesn't want to hunt the ocean monsters," Ryan said.

"My guess is that he wants to make other aquatic dungeon masters come to Earth and subjugate them," Femradiel said. "By doing so, he will obtain control over the domains as well."

That seemed like a pretty crazy plan, but Poseidon had confidence that he could pull it off. Regardless, it wasn't time to wonder about such things. Ryan and Femradiel could come up with their conclusions once they investigate more.

Ryan and Femradiel thought they would see a lot of Hydras. After all, there was no reason to make such monsters stay in a single place when they served their purposes. However, after a couple of minutes, their opinions changed. They didn't find a single Hydra, but they found several Krakens and Megalodons. Those were killing each other to increase their power and then try to rechallenge the Hydras.

"I feel like I am going to lose a lot of brain cells trying to understand him" Ryan said.

"Maybe that is his goal from the very beginning," Femradiel shrugged.

Although she looked serious, Ryan decided to keep his guard up. He valued Femradiel's experience, even though she mostly relied on instincts actually since she lost her memories. Still, even though he couldn't confirm that, Ryan felt that every single one of Poseidon's actions had a goal.

For several hours, Ryan didn't find anything that could confirm what he was thinking, but Ryan's instincts didn't fool him in the end. However, the same could be said about Femradiel's after they moved away quite a bit from the coast, Femradiel noticed that some presence suddenly appeared around them.

"We are surrounded," Femradiel said. "And those guys are pretty powerful."

"Is that so" Ryan said. "Watch my back while using the spear, Femradiel. If Poseidon sends some minions, then it is a good time to decrease his forces."

Instead of waiting to be attacked, Femradiel teleported both of them to the nearest enemy. It would be better to get rid of them one at a time, but in the end, Ryan couldn't help but lose some precious moments when he saw the creature in front of him.

Rhodos Lv Max

Health: 209.000/209.000

Mana: 300.000/312.000

Stamina: 250.000/250.000

Strength: 8700 (+ 1500)

Dexterity: 6300 (+ 1100)

Speed: 4500 (+ 400)

Intelligence: 5500 (+ 100)

Endurance: 6800 (+ 900)

Control: 3200 (+ 600)

Mentality: 7600 (+ 1000)

Luck: 1000 (+ 500)

Recovery: 60.000 (+ 30.000)

Willpower: 7600 (+ 1000)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 750, Rage Lv 650

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 690, Enhanced Endurance Lv 680, Steel Skin Lv 450

Spells: Water Manipulation Lv Max, Water Transformation Lv Max, Water Creation Lv Max, Hydromancy Lv Max

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv Max, Cold Immunity Lv Max, Cold Absorption Lv 700, Electric Resistance Lv 600, Shock Resistance Lv 450, Fire Resistance Lv 300

"What the hell" Ryan muttered.

Those status and skills were at a crazy level. However, what surprised Ryan was the appearance of the creature it was exactly like a human. The only real difference was the blue tone of his eyes. There were so clear that from a certain angle, it kind of looked like glass. That was the only thing that made Ryan understand that his first target was no ordinary foe

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1