Chapter 629: Success

Chapter 629: Success

Hundreds of combat machines fell, and even before the harpies could notice them, the weapons attacked with a massive barrage of attack. In just a few moments, hundreds of harpies were killed. Although they were fearsome long-ranged fighters, their endurance was severely lacking severally.

A sudden attack from a third direction completely confused the monsters, so Ryan couldn't help but smile. Overpowering the enemies was fun, but defeating them like that was really satisfying.

One-third of the monsters fell in just a couple of minutes thanks to Ryan's plans, and even when they fell on the ground, the battle machines attacked thousands of harpies until they ran out of fuel. Many more harpies were wounded by those, and Ryan had an easy time finishing them off. However, that only lasted for so long. All the Fire Harpies turned around to faze Ryan once again and bombarded him with massive magma spheres. However, they only hit the ground since Ryan had disappeared once again.

The harpies immediately waited for another attack coming from above, but nothing came from there. Instead of that, the number of projectiles coming from the skeletons' army increased. It took a while, but the harpies found Ryan among them.

When the harpies began to attack the skeletons, Ryan gave them the order to assume a tortoise formation. He stayed behind their defensive formation and continued to attack the monsters, but the skeletons began to suffer massive losses. Thanks to that, the skeleton archers and skeleton wizards started to decrease in number as well. Ryan bit his lips in annoyance since that had been until now the worst part of this plan It was time to move to the next phase.

Ryan teleported again. This time he reappeared behind the army and immediately opened his mouth and used Ice Breath. The harpies quickly lost their limbs when they turned into ice. Meanwhile, Ryan's Magic Bows finished off the others. The monsters tried to turn around and face Ryan, but his flying speed was fearsome. The magic projectiles were fired toward him, but Ryan dodged them all. The few that almost hit Ryan were stopped by his Ice Breath.

"I should have done this from the very beginning" Ryan thought. "No, maybe the boss would have gotten on the way."

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

While flying close to them, Ryan drew the attention of the monsters completely. Thanks to that, the skeletons had the chance to attack freely, and the decimation of the Harpies proceeded favorably. Of course, Ryan suffered a few scratches here and there. Still, ultimately, he managed to destroy the whole army alongside his skeletons in half an hour.

Congratulations! The class: Hexblade has reached the max level. Reach the max level with two other classes to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

Your dexterity and stamina have been increased by six points. In addition, your health, mana, speed, and control have been increased by three points.

Congratulations! The class: Sorcerer has reached the max level. Reach the max level with another class to sacrifice them and obtain a special class! Don't worry. You won't lose the bonuses in status and skills you acquired by sacrificing those classes.

Your intelligence and mana have been increased by six points. In addition, your health, stamina, willpower, and mentality have been increased by three points.

"Phew this ended faster than I thought," Ryan said after a long sigh.

Although he said that, Ryan was thankful for it. He made a lot of progress as expected probably because he couldn't use Draconic Transformation. Isis didn't give him a time limit, but his job probably had been accomplished.

"That reminds me, I forgot to ask again who were the dungeon masters," Ryan said while he was collecting his loot. "Still, given that the dungeon master didn't try to interfere until now, I don't have to worry about such a dumbass."

"If she were to hear you, you wouldn't have a single minute of peace for the rest of your life," Isis suddenly said. "I decided to check on you, but who could have thought that you would finish before the other groups my apologies for underestimating you."

"Who is the dungeon master of this dungeon?" Ryan asked.

"Aphrodite, the Greek goddess of love," Isis replied. "She was the one who sent the cyclops to attack you."

"Fire Harpies and Cyclops I can't see any noticeable similarity between them," Ryan said. "Still, the goddess of love, huh what an unexpected enemy. By the way, talking with me right now won't make your presence more trackable?"

"No, I use disruption magic on the surroundings whenever I talk with you, so no one will be able to see or hear about what we are talking," Isis replied. "Regardless, I need to watch over my troops while they are retreating from this attack. Anyway, if you want to obtain a class, you should hurry up."

"Wait, I want to know to whom the next dungeon I am going to attack belongs to," Ryan said.

"The second dungeon master is Ares, the Greek god of courage and war," Isis replied. "He was the one who used the hellhounds to stop you."

"I see" Ryan said while he furrowed his eyebrows.

It was hard to know how come Ares could be a problem. Still, maybe Ryan shouldn't think too much about it since he would become an enemy of Aphrodite and Ares anyway, even without attacking their dungeons since his goal was to kill Poseidon.

"We expect you to succeed in the same manner tonight," Isis said. "I wish you good luck."

Ryan nodded and then headed inside the dungeon while his skeletons picked the rest of the loot. Come to think of it, Ryan realized that he will have a hard time hiding his skeleton army. Even though half of them had been decimated Regardless, he couldn't let them leave any traces Fortunately, Ryan quickly came up with a solution to that problem.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1