Chapter 639: Frozen Spear

Chapter 639: Frozen Spear

Ryan had alerted Gustavo and the others about the attack the very moment Isis stopped his fight against Daniel. So, when he reached their new base, they were already up and ready. Their new headquarters was located four hundred kilometers away from Rio de Janeiro. It looked like they were ready to move again since Poseidon's attempt to flood the world was growing stronger every day. On the previous day, the ocean waters advanced for two hundred kilometers before stopping.

"I felt like you were hiding something in the last few days, but I never imagined it was related to your draconic powers" Gustavo said as soon as Ryan showed up. "Why did you stay silent, Ryan?"

Gustavo seemed pretty pissed, and that was rare considering his usual carefree attitude. Regardless, he would need to train his angry expression a bit more if his goal was to scare Ryan.

"Because it was none of your business," Ryan said.

"If you lost your powers fighting against Poseidon's underlings, then it was our business," Gustavo said. "You were trying to help us, right?"

"Not at all, I am the type who likes to solve problems before they can escalate," Ryan said. "That is why I was caught in their trap. Regardless, that won't happen again. Anyway, we should move on. We need to stay close to Poseidon's castle once the attack starts."

" Now I can understand why Bianca gets mad when you are nearby," Gustavo said after a long sigh. "You really are a difficult guy."

While they were heading toward the ocean, Ryan explained their role in the mission. Some people tried to join the fight, but considering that normal people fighting abilities were heavily decreased underwater, Gustavo and the others decided to leave them behind. In the end, not even if all the survivors working with them were to participate in the mission, they wouldn't be able to do half of what those five could do. That was weird considering that Ryan just suffered quite a lot while facing Daniel but after thinking for a while, he understood the difference between them. It was the same difference that Ryan had if compared to others he traveled around for months, trying to obtain more power.

"So, Poseidon has ten sons that are as powerful as all of us in the draconic from," Bianca said. " This will be tough. Regardless, can we trust those individuals that prepared the attack."

"Isis kept her word since the first time I met her, while she is hiding some things, I don't believe she is planning to cause me trouble," Ryan said. "Her people have absolute faith in her, but they aren't blind. She will lose a huge deal of her manpower if something were to happen to me. As for her contributor your guess is as good as mine. Also, don't talk about this anywhere, Isis probably isn't the only one who is using spies or other types of tricks to obtain information."

In the end, they found Rio de Janeiro being overrun by thousands of monsters. It pained Gustavo and the others just to say nearby and watch everything they built in the last year being destroyed. Still, they couldn't do anything else aside from watch. While they were making troubled expressions, Ryan was crafting a new double-edged spear. Unlike the previous, that one was human-sized. Even though Ryan only used spears alongside Telekinesis until now, it looked like he had other plans for the new one. Still, Gustavo and the others couldn't help but frown when they saw him mixing titanium, ice, and blood to forge the spear.

" That is an odd combination," Gustavo said. "Is that monster's blood?"

"It is my blood," Ryan replied.

" Why are you using your own blood to forge weapons?" Bianca asked while frowning.

"Because that will increase the power of my attacks with this weapon," Ryan explained. "I learned a few days ago that I can make my attacks heavier by using skills Earth Manipulation, Water Manipulation, and Blood Manipulation."

"I thought those only worked with long-ranged attacks," Bianca said. "Why did you learn Blood Manipulation, though?"

"You sure ask a lot" Ryan said.

"I assume the reason is that you can control your enemies' blood as longas they touch you," Fernanda said. "Once you do that, you can make the blood return to their bodies and damage them from inside."

Everyone looked at Fernanda with slightly worried eyes. Although she was a quiet woman, she wasn't that pure and innocent. Ryan considered doing that, though. But he never had the chance to do it. While he considered doing that with Daniel, in the end, he changed his mind. Not only that was a cheap trick, and Ryan actually wanted to overpower Daniel through and through in order to make the dumbass agonize over his weakness.

" The fact is that such combination is possible and deadly," Ryan said. "Under the right circumstances."

Ryan knew that he will have to find something else while he deals with the ren royal guards. Facing them without Draconic Transformation will be quite the ordeal, and that was why such strategy was necessary.

Double Edged Frozen Spear

Strength + 350, + 150 Speed.

Durability: 500/500

"Not bad, I guess," Ryan said. "Now I just need to enchant it."

As soon as Ryan finished his weapon. He suddenly heard Isis's voice in his head, and he also felt the atmosphere changing on the other side of the ocean.

"It has begun," Isis said. "Don't teleport immediately to the castle, though. The monsters in the area will take a few minutes to head toward us. Meanwhile, fly toward the goal while using invisibility on your group."

Ryan had already considered that, and that was why Gustavo and his team were in their human form. Invisibility was nearly useless in draconic form, after all. Regardless, even while they were flying invisible, Ryan saw many monsters looking at the sky in their direction, and the cause was him

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1