Chapter 633: Wolf'S Greed

Chapter 633: Wolf's Greed

In the end, the bosses' strategy to wait for Ryan to get tired worked against them. However, they weren't the only ones who could come up with unorthodox ways to deal with a troublesome enemy. Regardless, Ryan won not as fast as the guy who destroyed the army in the nearest dungeon, but he won.

"Oh? You really did it" Isis suddenly said. "It looks like you had to work for a while longer, but you really did it"

"Why do you sound as if you were expecting me to fail?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows while he collected the loot.

"My apologies for hiding a few things from you, but my contributor was the one who said you should deal with those two armies," Isis replied. "As I said before, they don't expect much from humans, so you can consider this a test from them."

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan clenched his teeth and bit his lips. He didn't have time for that bullshit he was working his ass off to obtain a way to rescue Femradiel, but at the same time, he was being tested by some kind of an asshole. Unfortunately, Ryan couldn't do anything but contain his anger since he would need all the help he could get to rescue Femradiel.

"I am truly sorry for it, and I am willing to listen to your complains," Isis said.

" I don't have time for this," Ryan said.

"Is that so that is unexpected, I can't help but frown while watching you anger boil, and that is quite a high-level anger for a human," Isis said. "Regardless, the plan was success thanks to our hard work. Now we just need to prepare to attack Poseidon's castle. That will take a while since we will need a decent force, while I try to gather some people to help us, you should inform the humans who are interested and then increase your strength as much as possible."

After saying that, Isis ended the telepathic call. What Ryan heard surprised him, but now that he thought about it, the operation to rescue Femradiel would have to be a pretty big one. Although Ryan didn't want to involve others since he didn't want to owe them anything, that wasn't really an option. Again, he would need all the help he can get. Besides, defeating Poseidon or at least weakening his forces was something that interested the whole human race.

After he gathered the loot, Ryan entered the dungeon and, without any trouble, picked his next class. Also, as quickly as possible, he made the skeletons enter the place.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Soldier, Ranger, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Soldier!

You obtained the following skills: Sneak, Mission, and Augmented Willpower.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sneak.

Effect: It grants you the power to pass nearby magic traps without activating them.

Cost: 50 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Mission.

Effect: It grants you extra coins when clearing dungeons that possess massive numbers of monsters spawned.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Augmented Willpower.

Effect: It passively increases your willpower by twenty points per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

"I guess this is what I will have for today," Ryan shrugged.

When Ryan left the dungeon, he gave the order to his skeletons to attack any monster. There was no point in trying to move them with him. For a few moments, Ryan wondered what he should do. But before he could come up with an answer, he received another notification.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 40 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 40th

You obtained...

"What why now?" Ryan asked while he frowned since that notification should have appeared when he obtained his latest class.

You obtained

You obtained

You obtained

Ryan couldn't help but frown since that was the first time something so weird happened. He didn't expect to find a bug in the system since it didn't belong to a computer or something or maybe it did. It was impossible to know. Ryan had to wait for a few good minutes to see what was going to happen and when he was about to give up, he obtained his answer.

You obtained the skill Wolf's Greed.

Effect: It grants you the chance to steal status points from your enemies. The number of status points stole will be determined by the level of the skill. You can't use this skill more than once against an enemy. You can't use any other skill while this skill is active. You can't move while the skill is active. You can't use this skill against weaker enemies.

Cost: 100 health per second and per level of the skill.

You obtained one status point.

"What the hell" Ryan opened his eyes widely in surprise.

That was by far the weirdest and suspicious skill Ryan had seen so far. Not even the Banshee's Envy Eye could be compared to this... While it seemed very useful, even more so when Ryan faced for quite a while only enemies stronger than himself. Regardless, the timing of that skill was just too suspiciously good. That was when Ryan wasn't even considering the previous incident where the system apparently had an error or something like that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1