Chapter 634: Expert Archer

Chapter 634: Expert Archer

"What should I do about this?" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It isn't like this type of reward is something new, but all these circumstances are just"

In the end, Ryan decided to forget about that. Nothing good would come from worrying too much about things he couldn't understand. Besides, Ryan had already made up his mind to use all possible options. He would need all the help he could get.

After shaking his head, Ryan used Teleport and appeared where the explosion happened half an hour ago. While appearing at such a time in such a place was dangerous, it was no longer a problem for the mission. Besides the worst of Ryan's fears, the fear of being trapped in a magic prison again wasn't bothering him. Because to use such a spell, some time was necessary to prepare such a large-scale spell. Regardless, Ryan couldn't help but frown since he didn't find any sign of monsters' corpses or even the loot.

"It is kind of hard to believe that but I wonder if the explosion destroyed even the loot down to a molecular level," Ryan frowned.

As expected, Ryan didn't find many monsters around the dungeon, only those that had been spawned in the last couple of minutes. However, that would be enough for the time being. It was time to test Wolf's Greed. The creatures guarding that dungeon were Ice Golems, and they were at level nine hundred, so Ryan assumed that they were stronger than him. At least they had more status points, and that probably was a good reference. However, Wolf's Greed didn't activate.

" I guess the number of status points isn't a major factor in determining who is stronger," Ryan said after a long sigh.

In the end, the skills one possesses, the level of intelligence, and the experience probably were major factors instead of status. It was only natural Perhaps not even the boss of the Ice Golems would be considered stronger than Ryan, even though such a creature would be at least five times stronger than regular monster. The reason being that Ryan could bombard the creature from several angles and explode it in just a few moments.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Corrupt Knight, Expert Archer, and High Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Expert Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Elven Mastery, Elf Arrow, and Storm Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Elven Mastery.

Effect: It permanently increases your dexterity upon defeating dungeon bosses by one point per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Elven Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow causes extra damage based on your intelligence and decreases the target's willpower, mentality, and endurance by ten points per level.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Storm Arrow.

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a single arrow that will split into dozens of magic arrows, causing devasting damage over a large area.

Cost: 200 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Oh? Finally, a pretty decent class," Ryan smiled in satisfaction. "Despite everything, it looks like my luck is finally turning around.

Elven Mastery was one hell of a skill. Still, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if that skill would work so many times in dungeons that had broken. If a dungeon boss leaves the dungeon, could it still be considered a dungeon boss? That was a difficult question. Regardless, it was time to leave since Ryan had overexposed himself. He still needed to be careful until the operation to rescue Femradiel begins.

Instead of looking for other dungeons in the region, Ryan decided to return to his base and check things with Furball. If nothing had happened, then he will just have to make some upgrades, and if something happened, he would have to make adjustments.

Fortunately, nothing changed when Ryan returned to his domain. The reason being was the fact that most of Ryan's enemies had been attacked during the day, and now they were counting their losses. The most dangerous ones, at the moment, were the creatures spawning inside his domain.

"Hey there, buddy," Ryan said and scratched Furball's neck. "It looks like things are going well for you too."

Furball barked a little loudly. That was his famous bark of agreement. Although his partner wasn't that old, Ryan felt pretty nostalgic. Still, it was time to be back on business. Now that Ryan knew that he wouldn't attack alone Poseidon's castle, perhaps he didn't have to rely on his skeletons anymore. Instead of training them, perhaps Ryan should clear other dungeons.

"Instead of doing just one thing, perhaps I can do it both" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "To receive a class, I just have to defeat all the nearby bosses and the treasure chest will become available. I can always leave a skeleton army behind to deal with the rest of the monsters."

While Ryan will have to give up on training certain classes and skills, it was a necessary price to pay. He couldn't have everything he wanted, after all. Ryan's next targets were already decided: they were the dungeons Alissa mentioned to him. After upgrading his domain once again, Ryan left to the Northern lands of the continent.

Area Lv 27: 75 square miles  Level UP cost: 690.000 coins or 6.900.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 10  Level UP cost: 5.500 coins or 55.000 mana

Barrier Lv 34

Level UP cost: 109.000 coins or 1.090.000 mana

Army Lv 45

Level UP cost: 970.000 coins or 9.700.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 85 (71%)  Level UP cost: 104.000 coins or 1.040.000 mana

Coins stored: 2.871 Mana stored: 9.652

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1