Chapter 637: What Is Important

Chapter 637: What is important

After a while, Ryan confirmed that Daniel indeed was planning something and wasn't just standing there receiving damage like a fool. His sword began to shine and vibrate the air around it, and Ryan decided to stop his attacks.

Daniel clicked his tongue in annoyance, but that didn't end his plans. Daniel suddenly disappeared from Ryan's field of vision, but then he felt him appearing a few meters behind him.

"What?" Ryan muttered.

Daniel probably used Flash, but the range of the skill was too large than it should be Regardless, Ryan didn't have time to ponder about such things. Ryan used Teleport to escape the attack, and then he reappeared several kilometers below. However, Ryan was still hit by an invisible attack and was thrown to the ground.

The impact made Ryan break several of his ribs, and he spat blood while he was trying to get up as fast as possible. His whole body was vibrating for some reason Daniel probably used a counter-attack skill that can work overtime and even against long-ranged attacks.

Before Ryan could truly grasp the nature of Daniel's skill, he felt his approach. After using Full-Heal, Ryan considered using invisibility and rely on his stealth to attack. However, he decided not to do it. Ryan's pride wouldn't allow him to use stealth attacks against Daniel, not against him

When Daniel entered his range, Ryan used Ice Breath, and he was forced to slow down since that kind of attack was troublesome against his skill. However, when he stepped back, Ryan appeared behind him and hit his back with his right elbow. The difference between Ryan's strength and Daniel's endurance was big. However, he still was knocked down and rolled several meters on the ground. Before Daniel could get up, Ryan bombarded him with six of his magic bows. Daniel tried to protect himself with his sword, but his position didn't help him all that much. Several parts of his body got pierced by the bolts, but for some odd reason, that only made Ryan feel more alert. His instincts were telling him that something was off in that situation as well.

As soon as Ryan noticed that, Daniel got up with lightning speed and then dashed toward Ryan. He escaped once again by using Teleport, but Daniel's speed couldn't be compared to before.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Shit I am wasting my time here," Ryan bit his lips and then thought.

Daniel not only got faster, but stronger as well. When Daniel finally managed to land a clean hit, Ryan prevented critical damage on his left shoulder by using Telekinesis. Still, a lot of his mana was being used. Ryan saw the blood in his body and the blood in Daniel's body and then had an idea. He quickly enveloped his sword with his own blood, but he made sure to cover the edges with a thick layer and lose its cut.

Daniel retreated and tried to get rid of the blood, but Ryan didn't let him. This time Ryan teleported to Daniel's right side, and then he attacked with a body slam. Daniel resisted and was only pushed backward a few meters while he kept his defensive stance, but he couldn't help but frown when he saw Ryan's wounds closing.

Congratulations! The class Monk has reached level 55.

Congratulations! The class Brawler has reached level 26.

Congratulations! The class Iron Fists has reached level 28.

" I am liking this," Ryan smirked. "Even dumbasses can be useful now and then, huh."

"Use your draconic powers," Daniel said. "And I will show you who is the dumbass."

"Don't wanna," Ryan smiled viciously. "I don't need that kind of power against a retard like you."

Before Daniel could say anything, Ryan used Ice Breath again. Daniel got caught off guard amidst of his rage, but he paid the price for it. He imagined Ryan would teleport and attack him physically from other directions. Still, he didn't imagine Ryan would actually come from the front.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan's punch hit Daniel's chin and cracked it. Despite that, Daniel still swung his sword and almost split Ryan in half. The tip of his sword cut Ryan's belly slightly. Ryan clicked his tongue, and amidst his rage, he summoned a copy of Hydra's bow. Even Daniel couldn't help but open his eyes widely in surprise.

Ryan fired his arrow, and Daniel used his sword to block the projectile. Despite that, he still flew backward for hundreds of meters as the arrow pushed him. Despite the massive weight of the projectile, Daniel's sword never showed a single crack, nor did he lose his blocking stance. While Ryan was watching that, he had an idea he activated Wolf's Greed.

You sacrificed one hundred points of health.

Your dexterity has increased by one point.

You sacrificed one hundred points of health.

Your dexterity has increased by one point.

Despite the fact that Ryan's power was increasing while he was going literally nothing, he couldn't help but clench his fist in annoyance it looked like the system considered Daniel stronger than him.

After a while, Daniel managed to change the direction of the arrow, and then it made fly toward a nearby mountain. The projectile made the region tremble as it landed, but Daniel had to pay the price. His hands were quite damaged, to the point where just holding his sword was painful. Not to mention, he received the notification when Ryan stole his dexterity just like Ryan. He couldn't help but feel pissed. After all that fighting and training, he still couldn't defeat him.

Ryan decided to summon as many magic bows as he could. Still, before he could attack, he suddenly heard Isis's voice.

"Are you sure you can waste your time here?" Isis asked. "The preparations are complete. We will attack Poseidon's castle at dawn."

When Ryan heard that, he kicked the ground in absolute anger. To think that he would be forced to retreat now of all times even worse, against Daniel. But in the end, Ryan didn't lose sight of what was important at that moment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1