Chapter 636: Fight

Chapter 636: Fight

At that point in time, there was no need to keep hiding things from Alissa since she could read minds, and she definitely will ready Ryan's mind once they see each other again.

"Alissa the situation where you and Orgar became partners was rather problematic," Ryan said after a long sigh. "I don't know the details, but it looks like he gave you his power without offering a pact. That had some consequences. The most drastic one was that Orgar's spirit would be fused with yours and then his individuality will disappear."

"What? How do you know that?" Alissa asked. "Why didn't you tell me this before?"

"It was Orgar's decision, he told me about it and said that I should keep it as a secret," Ryan replied.

" That is not possible, I don't feel any different than before," Alissa said.

"Maybe Orgar did something, he didn't want to affect the rest of life by making you think like a dragon, so he probably found a way to deal with his memories," Ryan replied. "The reason why he seems asleep from your perspective was probably because he was working to let your spirit only obtain his power and not his personality."

Alissa took some time to absorb what she just heard. While it was too much information for her and it didn't make any sense, deep down, Alissa understood that Ryan wasn't lying. He wasn't the type of person to make jokes, even less so in serious situations like that. In the end, things proceeded the way Ryan expected Alissa didn't accept things calmly.

"Why did you hide that from me? Why you two did that?" Alissa asked after she raised her tone. "That was cruel this is just too cruel."

"Calm down, Alissa," Ryan said. "Orgar wasn't someone who like to live the rest of his lives while watching you feeling angsty about his own choices. You can't condemn him for that, he lived his life the way he wanted, and you can't criticize him for it."

"Don't tell me to calm down! Spare of your bullshit!" Alissa said.

After hearing that, the telepathic link was canceled. As expected, Alissa's mental state was unstable. Ryan had many things to do, and he had to prepare to attack Poseidon's castle, but in the end, he decided to return to his country and check things with her.

A couple of hours later, Ryan arrived at the military base, but then he was stopped by the barrier. Naturally, whoever had erected a domain didn't grant Ryan a free pass to come. However, even amidst of the night, several soldiers were guarding the surroundings and the dungeons, and they noticed Ryan's presence.

"Bring Mark or whoever is the leader or the domain," Ryan said. "I need to talk about Alissa."

Ryan noticed some angry stares coming from the soldiers. Still, they looked at each other in confusion when Alissa was mentioned. She probably did something and they were wondering why Ryan knew about that. In the end, they didn't make much of a fuss and proceeded to enter the military base. However, someone unexpected came He and Daniel looked pretty pissed.

"What are you doing here?" Daniel raised his chin and asked. "You are not welcome here."

"Really? Like I give a shit," Ryan said.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan couldn't help but frown after hearing that notification. His nerves calmed down when he received the Expert Archer class, but it looked like Daniel alone had been more than enough to make his blood boil again.

"Leave, now," Daniel said. "You are a threat to the people here."

"I don't want to waste my time with you, asshole," Ryan said. "Bring Mark, I need to talk to him."

"He isn't going to meet you," Daniel said. "I won't say it again, leave now. Or I will make you do."

"I want to see you try, asshole," Ryan said.

Before Ryan could react, Daniel summoned a great dark sword out of nowhere and dashed toward him. In the end, Daniel was only looking for a reason to fight, and Ryan welcomed that. He was also looking for an excuse to fire some bolts up to his ass.

Ryan escaped the sword by using Teleport and appearing hundreds of meters above the city. He immediately proceeded to summon two of his magic bows to attack. However, when he fired, Daniel blocked his arrows easily by putting his sword above him. As if that wasn't enough, he began to fly toward Ryan at a fearsome speed.

Daniel continued to pursue Ryan while flying, but Ryan escaped his range by continuously firing Evading Shot. However, Ryan knew that he was wasting time and mana. Not only he couldn't cause any damage or activate the effects of his weapons, but his attacks also weren't even leaving scratches on the weapons' surface.

Daniel

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Spells: ???, ???, ???...

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???...

Classes:

Combat: ???, ???, ???...

Non-Combatant: ???, ???, ???...

"What the hell how can he counter Absolute Appraisal?" Ryan frowned.

That didn't make any sense while Ryan knew that Daniel had been moving around hunting monsters and training fiercely, it was hard to believe that he would find such skills just by doing that.

Ryan tried to save his mana by using his Spiritualist's Crossbow, but it wasn't time to pull his punches. So, he summoned several copies of his Thunder Lord Crossbow. His projectiles suddenly didn't become more powerful, but the electric effect in them hit Daniel's sword and shocked his arms. Ryan could see the look of annoyance on his face, but it was hard to tell if the damage was actually building up.

Ryan changed directions since they were getting too high in the sky and the atmosphere was thinning up. While Daniel was having a hard time following him, he insisted on just pursuing Ryan without doing anything fancy. Ryan knew that he was a dumbass, but not to that extent something smelled really fishy there.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1