Chapter 635: Spell Sword

Chapter 635: Spell Sword

When Ryan was teleporting to the next dungeon, he suddenly stopped when he heard a voice in his head. It was Yahiko, and it has been a while since they talked.

"Ryan, it has been a while," Yahiko said. "Can I borrow one minute of your time?"

"You don't have to make it sound so weird," Ryan said. "I am flying right now, so I can talk with you for a while. What is it?"

"I noticed that oceans changed, it looks like a dungeon master of such zone finally reached their goal, do you know anything about it?" Yahiko asked. "Lately, we have been attacked by sea monsters for quite a while since my domain already reached the coast of my country."

Ryan explained to the situation in detail to Yahiko. He deserved that much since he was the leader of many people. Ryan also realized that he should try to find a way to alert Natasha and her friends. Maybe he should go to Russia and do that, even though that will take a few hours of his time. Natasha deserved at least that much as well.

"I see, one of them already appeared and others are about to come as well," Yahiko said. "We only have a few weeks"

"Are things fine on your end?" Ryan asked.

"Relatively well, I guess," Yahiko said. "The number of battles is increasing lately; we barely have time to move away too much from out capital. Regardless, it is just my guess, but I imagine one or two dungeon masters already appeared in China and India. For the time being, their influence didn't spread outside the limits of their countries, but eventually"

"Does any tier three dungeons appear in your country?" Ryan asked. "I am looking for others, if you are having a hard time dealing with those since they are far away, I can give you a hand."

In the end, Ryan used that chance to obtain another reason to alert Natasha, and her friends and Yahiko helped him with that. Unfortunately, only three-tier three dungeons appeared in Japan since the last time he had been there. Yahiko also asked why Ryan suddenly wanted to leave his dungeon for a few hours. Still, he decided to keep quiet about it. Yahiko wasn't untrustworthy, but Ryan couldn't afford to spread that information to those who wouldn't join the fight. He already informed Gustavo and his friends, and they didn't think twice before accepting.

After the conversation, Ryan used Teleport several times to reach the next dungeon. When he reached the place, he found a few bosses around the dungeon. They were Frozen Giant Bats, but when Ryan killed them, he didn't receive any notification, nor did his dexterity increased. However, when he killed the last one in the last part of the dungeon

Your dexterity has increased by one point.

"As expected," Ryan said. "Well, it is better than nothing."

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Spell Sword, Poison Archer, and Battle Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Spell Sword!

You obtained the following skills: Magic Armor, Incinerate, and Magic Shield.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Armor.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon magic armor that protects you from magical attacks, physique attacks, and status effects. The amount of mana consumed will be related to the power of the enemies' attacks.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Incinerate.

Effect: It grants you the chance to cause extra magical damage when attacking with physical attacks. It also decreases the effect of healing spells based on the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status point.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Shield.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon Magic Shields, they can move according to your will, and they can be transferred to others.

Cost: 100 mana.

Health: 20 per level.

You obtained 01 status point.

"Two defensive spells for a mage class, how unexpected" Ryan muttered.

While Ryan was heading toward the next dungeon, he began to wonder about the speed Elven Mastery would level up. It wasn't like other skills, and the requirements to activate were quite difficult. So, it will take a while for that skill to begin to shine and show its true potential.

"Ryan, I need to talk with Femradiel," Ryan suddenly heard Alissa's voice. "It is urgent."

" That can't be done, she is busy right now," Ryan said after a long sigh. "What is it?"

"It is about Orgar, he has been sleeping for three days and I don't know what is going on," Alissa replied. "His presence is growing weaker and I don't know what to do."

Why now of all times that was Ryan was asking himself under his breath. It couldn't be a worse time for that kind of issue to take place as much as Ryan wanted to ignore other people's problems, Ryan couldn't do that for Alissa. She caused him a fair deal of trouble. She helped him more than a few times that compensate for all the problems she caused by a large margin.

"He is an old dragon, Alissa, so it can't be helped," Ryan said. "Everyone we know will leave our lives in one moment or the other, or we will disappear from their minds. That is something natural."

" What are you talking about?" Alissa asked, confused. "Orgar doesn't have a body, so he can't die of old age, you can just say that is the case Are you hiding something, Ryan?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1