Chapter 630: Saint Knight

Chapter 630: Saint Knight

As expected, Ryan only found a few enemies inside the dungeon and no bosses waiting for him. So, he quickly obtained his next class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Saint Knight, Royal Archer, and Shaman.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Saint Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Sign of Protection, Conviction, and Doom Spear.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your stamina, mana, endurance, and willpower will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sign of Protection.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a magic emblem. The emblems increase the status of your allies by ten points per level while you are near them. The skill will grant you the power to create a new emblem in a new ally every five levels.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Conviction.

Effect: It grants you the chance to passively increase your health. If you suffer 100.000 points of damage in a single day, your health will increase by the same amount of the skill level. For every level up, the health requirement will increase.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Doom Spear.

Effect: it grants you the power to summon a magic spear that causes holy damage in a wide area of effect.

Cost: 300 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Conviction what a weird skill," Ryan frowned. "It certainly doesn't fit my style, but it looks like it will come in handy at some point."

The other skills would also come in handy, but it was only natural that Ryan wouldn't focus more on Conviction. As soon as Ryan left the dungeon, he created a thick layer of ice above the desert and made his skeletons climb on it. After that, he used Teleport and made himself and the skeletons move away from the dungeon. While Ryan didn't manage to move away all that much from the dungeon, he just moved upward to escape the visual range.

Ryan had to use a lot of potions to move the platform of ice by using Water Manipulation and Cryomancy. Still, in the end, he solved that issue by using INT potions and CON potions. There weren't many places to hide in the desert, nor could Ryan move his skeleton army all that much without leaving some obvious traces. So, he just created an underground shelter. First, he created some walls made of dirt, and then he filled the interior layer with ice. After all, the heat was close to unbearable.

"I guess this should be enough for the time being," Ryan said while he looked toward a hole in the ceiling in which some sand was passing through.

The hole was made to let some air enter. Although Ryan was the only one there who needed oxygen, it was better to have such a thing and also let some sunlight enter. Ryan sighed as he put his back against the cold walls to rest. Since his defeat against those ten creatures, he had been working nonstop, so he deserved some rest.

" This is a waste of time, I should prepare for the next battle," Ryan said to himself.

Even before checking his target and coming up with a decent battle plan, Ryan already found a problem: the skeleton army was in front of him. Moving them to Turkey wasn't a good idea. If Ryan leaves them alone, they won't reach the place even if they walk in a straight line towards it. Not to mention, Ryan had to surprise the target. The best way to achieve that was to create an army close to the target.

"I guess you guys will have to stay behind," Ryan crossed his arms and then said. "Still, you guys can have some use for me yet."

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

After sunset, Ryan began to move. He immediately gave the order for his skeletons to spread around in five directions. During the afternoon, he used Clairvoyance to find some dungeons nearby, and the function of the skeleton would be to head toward. Suppose the skeletons aren't attacked before reaching their goals. In that case, they will just pass by them since Ryan's goal wasn't to alert other dungeon masters, but to create several fake traces. If anyone was looking for him, they would find five traces of five skeleton armies. Meanwhile, he used Teleport and headed to Turkey.

Ryan tried to reach his destination even faster if compared to Niger because his chance of success would hinge once again on his preparation. Although he had to cross the Mediterranean Sea, which had been quite an ordeal at night, Ryan still reached his goal after 90 minutes, a coastal city called Antalya. While Ryan didn't know many things about the country, he couldn't help but open his eyes widely in amazement when he noticed several buildings that looked quite medieval were still standing Those probably wouldn't work well to protect civilians, so the dragons that attacked the place probably left them alone for that reason.

Ryan also had a hard time finding the Dullahan's dungeon since they were creatures that apparently love the darkness, so one couldn't find a single sign of light in dozens of kilometers, not even the stars or the moon offered some light and that was strangely weird.

"Shadow type monsters, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "They are probably undead as well, so my skills that cause holy damage will be useful."

In the end, Ryan could only hope that a few of his assumptions would be true. Isis didn't pass him much intel about his targets aside from their location and the dungeon masters, probably because she was busy and no one needed the help of a guy who couldn't collect intel by himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1