Chapter 632: Almost There

Chapter 632: Almost there

"Woah that was kind of unexpected," Ryan said while he was using Teleport in quick succession to escape the 'Dullahan cannon.'

Much to Ryan's surprise, the strength of the Dullahan army was so big that they could throw their allies like that, and they would move faster than Ryan could fly. Not to mention, those who missed him, instead of silently landing on the other side of the destroyed city, they would turn around in midair and fire Shadow Spears toward Ryan.

"I have a time limit here, so I can't waste any moment," Ryan said and then teleported to ground level.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan made the skeletons spread a little bit, and then the Dullahan that were nearby dashed toward him. Ryan began to move backward as he used Evading Shot. The Dullahan army dashed toward him, but they were suddenly attacked by a massive wave of Frozen Arrows. The monsters didn't expect to be assaulted by spells from such directions since they only saw skeleton knights they didn't notice that Ryan had hidden other skeletons nearby.

The charge of the army decreased in speed, but they eventually would escape the skeletons' range. Ryan sighed and clenched his teeth, and at the same time, he stopped moving backward and charged toward the enemies. While he attacked the monsters with his bolts, Ryan summoned several Magic Swords. The monsters swung their weapons toward him, but Ryan's speed and the magic swords stopped them. Dozens of Dullahan began to burn as they were touched by the fire elemental swords, but Ryan quickly had to summon others. Even though only half of the army was there, it was more than enough to surpass the capacity of his magic swords.

Regardless, Ryan managed to cross the entire army of Dullahan. Since he was within their range, they didn't fight while using long-ranged attacks. Instead, Ryan moved away toward the opposite direction for quite a while in order to make the first group of Dullahan enter the skeletons' range. However, it looked like things wouldn't be that simple. The second army was approaching.

"Here we go again" Ryan said and then sighed.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan opened his mouth and used Ice Breath. At the same time, he pointed his Holy Crossbow toward the enemy and used Chaotic Shot. However, he didn't stop there and used Arrow Shower as well. The constant wave of attacks stopped the second group, but Ryan wouldn't be able to keep so many active attacks at the same time for long. Fortunately, Ryan used that time to use SPE potions.

When his mana was empty, the monsters found Ryan holding a single hammer, and his hands were glowing. At the same time, four double-edged spears were floating around him. Ryan was using Mana-Eater to steal the mana of a magic weapon

Before the monsters could react, Ryan suddenly disappeared from their sight and reappeared amidst the Dullahan army. Suddenly, Ryan began to fly around the army, and dozens of monsters were cut into pieces. Before any of them could react, Ryan would away from a location and then decimate all the monsters nearby with the double-edged spears. Ryan's reaction time increased exponentially thanks to the SPE potions, so the monsters never had the chance to attack him.

While Ryan was causing havoc inside the monster's army, his skeletons slowly decreased their numbers from a distance with magic attacks. Ryan's new way of attack quickly decimated dozens of monsters every second. At that point in time, the Dullahan realized that they won't be able to defeat Ryan if they assume some risks. So, their swords began to emit a purple glow, and then they swung at him after jumping.

Ryan's reflexes warned him that he couldn't let those attacks hit him, so he teleported to where Dullahan jumped and attacked them. As for the Shadow Blades, they completely decimated the ground below. Even with their Darkness Resistance at the max level, the monsters that got hit by those were cut like butter.

The whole army used Shadow Blades to kill Ryan, but for the next five minutes, thanks to SPE potions that he used, they could not outspeed him. They had another chance when the effect of the potions ran out, but only for a few moments since Ryan was determined to repeat the strategy. Still, Ryan realized that the monsters had a trump card.

"It is about time" Ryan muttered.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

The Dullahan bosses finally showed up, and Ryan knew that his old tricks wouldn't work on them. They had studied him for quite a while, but they lost eighty percent of their forces while they waited for Ryan to use his most powerful skills and to tire out.

The battalion of mounted Dullahan began to march toward Ryan at the same time. Their speed was so insane that Ryan imagined that they would be able to fly for quite a while if they jumped. However, Ryan had no intention of running away. The ordinary monsters moved away to give the bosses room to move. As for Ryan, he obediently waited for them. When they were about to run over him, Ryan used Lunar Arrow and killed several of the dumbass bosses. At the same time, the remaining army passed by him without noting that their allies were killed.

"That is the power of light magic for you, it is absolute deadly against demons and undead monsters," Ryan said while smirking.

When the bosses turned around to face Ryan, they began to be hit by other Lunar Arrows, and they couldn't help but freeze in astonishment. An attack of that level couldn't be used continuously. It was impossible. That was normally the case, but not for Ryan, since his skeletons and the double-edged spears still were killing the ordinary monsters.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1