Chapter 638: Plan

Chapter 638: Plan

While Ryan was flying toward Rio de Janeiro, he couldn't help but keep biting his lips in annoyance. Alissa would really be helpful in that kind of situation, even more so since she was pissed. The question was if she would be able to follow the plan.

"Your other friend left that base a few hours ago, so you wouldn't be able to contact her by defeating that other human," Isis suddenly said. "As far as I could tell, she was far too unstable to be of any use to this plan."

"So, you keep monitoring all of us, huh," Ryan said. "I imagine you have your eyes on Gustavo's group as well."

"Naturally, while they aren't a threat now, they could become at any moment," Isis replied. "People like you and them who obtained draconic powers are a cut above the others, but that doesn't mean that you are invincible. Your bodies may be strong, but your minds are far too immature. Any dungeon master who has decent illusory powers might force many of you to join the dark side."

While that seemed a bit exaggerated, Ryan could understand the meaning behind Isis's words. One year ago, Ryan was just a college student who was about to graduate. Now he was hunting giant monsters and facing elder gods, creatures from the legends. He indeed got stronger and surpassed many ordeals, but his mind didn't mature all that much. He still was angry at Daniel and almost killed him, and he still was extremely distrustful of others.

"Where did Alissa go?" Ryan asked.

"I don't know, as soon as she left the base, she used skills that made me unable to track her," Isis said. "It looks like she has absolute control over the powers the dragon inside her had."

That was good and bad, good because Ryan won't have to worry about that, but bad because she left Arthur behind without thinking twice. She was so angry that apparently, she didn't think twice about abandoning her soldiers and Arthur in the base.

" Anyway, why are you still talking to me?" Ryan asked after a long sigh. "I assume it is about the plan."

"You are correct," Isis replied. "It will be your job to keep things going smoothly with your friends in Brazil. I can't talk to them since they don't know me. The main goal of this mission is to rescue Femradiel, but we can't do that by using normal means. So, we will mask the goal by trying to look like as if we are trying to deal a huge blow on Poseidon's forces. On my end, we will send a massive army of monsters on the East side of his territory and try to drag the battle for as long as possible, and on your end, you people will invade the castle and deal with those royal guards. While those ten aren't dungeon masters, they are Poseidon's offspring, so they have the power of the elder gods inside them. Defeating them will be your group task."

Ryan had suspected as much. Those ten creatures really looked out of place. They resembled humans, but their demeanor and appearance were just too weird. Speaking objectively, even from Ryan's perspective, they had an abnormal level of beauty in every single of their physical characteristics. That was probably because they were sons of an elder god, and his divinity passed down to them and made them look quite angelique-like.

"What about Poseidon?" Ryan asked.

"My contributor will use a trick to lure him out of his castle," Isis replied. "I can't say anything more than that, since that was what they asked me."

In the end, Ryan was too tired to get angry at all that secrecy. Besides, he couldn't really blame a dungeon master for being cautious when working with humans. Ryan himself was fully aware of how unstable he could become in certain circumstances.

"Is there any reason why this bait of yours will work to lure Poseidon but not his kids?" Ryan asked.

"As far as I know, their job is to guard the entrance to the other world, the previous planet where Poseidon base was," Isis replied. "Most likely, he left some precious things behind and will only bring those once the others Greek elder gods return. Perhaps he left wives and other kids there as well, and those ten won't leave the dungeon unguarded while their father is away. To be honest, I was quite surprised that they left the palace and attacked you."

Considering how crazy Poseidon was to create several dungeons and use them to strengthen his Hydras, Ryan didn't think that such an attack was unexpected. After all, even Femradiel warned him, but after Isis brought up that hypothesis, perhaps it had been an unnatural move considering that his main dungeon already reached the max level.

"Regardless, we only two more hours and I need to make some final adjustments," Isis said. "So, I am going now, but one last warning. If something unexpected happens, focus on your job and nothing else. We won't be able to keep this plan working for how long and something like this won't work twice. So, this is your only chance."

After saying those words, Isis's presence disappeared. While Ryan was teleporting, he tried to come up with a way to make five humans who had draconic powers try to win a fight against those ten royal guards. However, not a single good idea came to mind. In terms of raw draconic powers, Gustavo and his group were probably two times stronger than Ryan. Still, they didn't have many tricks up their sleeve like Ryan had. So, it was safe to assume that they more or less had the same power that was why the reason Ryan couldn't come up with a plan. Since he had a hard time against one royal guard, even outside the ocean.

"In the end, perhaps not killing the royal guards is the best option," Ryan muttered. "If we do, Poseidon might go crazy and attack us and I am fairly certain that not even all of six together will stand a chance."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1