Chapter 642: Changes

Chapter 642: Changes

Rhodos didn't want to believe that was happening. How come he was put against the wall against a weaker enemy? Even before when he had draconic powers, the difference in strength was noticeable. Still, now the difference was even greater, and that feeble man was winning.

"Stop it!" Rhodos said. " If you do it, I will release your friend."

"Oh, you can talk?" Ryan frowned. "I could swear you didn't have a voice."

Rhodos was using Telepathy to speak, but the voice someone hears via Telepathy was the same when they use their own vocal cords as weird as that sounded. Ryan didn't feel like stopping, but he wouldn't lose anything by taking his sweet time to fire in the end. After all, he will have more time to charge his arrow with energy.

"If you want to negotiate, then you need my terms as well," Ryan said. "Once I confirm that my friend is alive and well, I will let you guys go. Bring her to me now, you have five seconds."

Rhodos hesitated in answering that. In the end, Ryan already knew what he was planning. He noticed that his brothers stopped fighting fiercely just a few seconds ago. Ryan fired his arrow, and then Rhodos moved his arms to stop it. In the next moment, his brothers also appeared to prevent all the damage the projectile will cause. Rhodos stopped the projectile, and then it exploded, but Ryan didn't stay there to see what was going to happen.

The massive explosion made the oceans tremble and the water moved in all directions. Despite that, the energy unleashed was far from over. Rhodos and his brothers tried to prevent the explosion from damaging Poseidon's castle. Ryan decided to bet that they would succeed, and then he appeared right in front of the biggest tower of the castle. Going downward had been rather easy since his attack made most of the water around the castle move away or evaporate.

At the bottom of the tower, Ryan saw a massive cave and a throne right above it. Poseidon certainly had weird tastes Regardless, Ryan found an odd glass cage at the side of the throne, and inside of it, he found an odd light-blue sphere. It was probably Femradiel, but Ryan couldn't feel her presence. Ryan touched the glass, and then he felt his mana being sucked. That was a troublesome cage.

"You should hurry, Poseidon felt his attack and retreated," Isis suddenly said. "You don't have more than a couple of seconds."

"Well, we have a problem here," Ryan said.

"This cage is what a troublesome fellow," Isis said after a sigh. "This cage is like a dominion that can absorb mana of those that try to attack it. Your only option here is to cause more damage than you can give more mana to it."

It seemed like a very complex cage to break, but Ryan quickly found a weakness. He created several hammers and hit them while using a Concentrated Strike. He was using more stamina than mana, so he quickly saw some results. However, he stopped for a while when he saw a powerful presence approaching at an insane speed it was Poseidon. He was much more powerful than anything Ryan has seen so far, more than Lilith, more than Mephisto

Ryan hurried to free Femradiel, and in the end, the box broke. However, Ryan couldn't hear anything coming from the transparent spear, nor could he feel anything coming from it. Ryan made the sphere enter his body, and it was quickly absorbed. He felt the power that he once lost returning, and Femradiel's presence was finally back, but she didn't say anything.

"Are you alright?" Ryan asked.

" Yeah, I am fine," Femradiel said, but she sounded weird. " Thanks for coming for me."

"You sound weird, did something happen?" Ryan asked.

" Not really," Femradiel said.

"You sound like a depressed kid, why the long pauses before answering my questions?" Ryan insisted.

"Now is hardly the time to talk about it," Femradiel replied.

While that was true, Ryan didn't want to leave without hearing what Femradiel had to endure. Regardless, he had to escape before Poseidon returned at least help Gustavo and the others escape. If Femradiel doesn't want to talk about it, Ryan will hear from Poseidon himself. It was a crazy idea, but now that he could feel Poseidon's presence, his wish to fight him increased.

Before Ryan could make his choice, he saw the bodies of Rhodo's brothers falling on the ground, and the ocean waters were finally returning to where they should be. They were alive but heavily wounded. As for Rhodos, he still was unconscious but covered in blood. Ryan concentrated on the attack after using so many potions made them being caught off guard.

"Ryan it is time to go," Gustavo said after suddenly appearing.

"Shouldn't we kill them while we have the chance?" Ryan asked.

"No we achieved our goal and caused a lot of damage," Gustavo said. "They will think twice before trying to attack us again."

"You have four seconds, Ryan," Femradiel said.

Ryan let out a long sigh and then touched his allies before using Teleport. The mission didn't last long. In fact, it ended much quicker than he had expected. However, even though Femradiel was back, Ryan's anger didn't grow weaker.

Ryan imagined that Poseidon could use Teleport, but he didn't use it while he was approaching, nor did he when they reached Rio de Janeiro again. Poseidon's presence still could be felt, but he was near his dungeon and wasn't moving. He returned to help his sons when he noticed that his lives were in danger but made no movement to attack those who almost killed them.

"It looks like we succeeded," Gustavo said.

"This was way too easy," Bianca frowned. "How come we invaded the castle of a Greek god and freed a prisoner so fast?"

"Well, the plan wasn't that bad," Fernanda said.

"Something smells fishy here," Paulo said. "We need to be careful and stay low and see what Poseidon is going to do next."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1