Chapter 646: Telepathic Translation

Chapter 646: Telepathic Translation

"Thanks for informing me of that, Yahiko. I owe you one," Ryan said.

"Not a problem," Yahiko said. "I assume that you are going to China and see this friend of yours. Well, let me give you a piece of advice, just like the Indians, the Chinese are too busy dealing with their own dungeons. There are people like me there who are fighting the fallen, so whatever you do, don't break the balance of power there. Your friend also needs to hear of that."

"Do you think if something like that happens, things will change in China, making the survivors there focus on other parts of the world?" Ryan asked.

"It is highly possible, as far as I can tell, the dungeon masters aren't a problem in China," Yahiko said. "The people who hold most of the power are guardians like me. However, since their numbers are high, the population is divided. They treat their allies well, but they don't hesitate to kill each other's minions. Even the normal survivors had that type of mindset because their families are alive thanks to the guardians. That is why they are busy dealing with each other and focusing on the affairs of their own countries."

"I see I will make sure not to mess up," Ryan said.

It was weird that a single country could have so many guardians while Ryan only heard about two of them. But in the end, China was massive, and the population was also the largest in the world. Not to mention, they had thousands of years of history. So, it was no surprise that they had so many guardians.

"Now that I think about it, the fact that my rank isn't increasing that fast is probably thanks to them," Ryan nodded to himself while he was teleporting toward China. "If Yahiko is in the rank, the other guardians probably are as well."

In terms of raw power, they are stronger than Ryan, but since he wasn't going to pick a fight with them, he only had to worry about not annoying them. Another problem he will have to face is the language barrier. Ryan couldn't wait to find someone who can speak English that easily.

"There is a skill called Telepathic Translation. It should help you with that," Femradiel said.

"So, you don't want to talk, but you want to read my thoughts," Ryan said.

"That is not the case. You just think too loudly," Femradiel replied.

Ryan decided to keep quiet about it, and then he began to search for the skill she mentioned. It was there, and it was rather cheap, probably because it was a skill that was a variation but also needed Telepathy to be used.

Telepathic Translation Tome.

Effect: translate all languages and cause others to hear language they understand and vice versa. It only works when using beings from your world or that have the same origin.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

Price: 10.000.000 coins.

"I must be getting insane, thinking that ten million coins aren't that a high value," Ryan frowned.

Despite saying that, Ryan quickly bought the spell and used it. To make sure that the spell was working, Ryan looked for Natasha and used Telepathic Translation. As expected, Natasha frowned when she heard Ryan speaking in Russian.

"It has been a while, Natasha," Ryan said. "It looks like things are going pretty well on your end."

When Ryan used Clairvoyance, Ryan saw her walking around her camp. Her place got bigger in just a few months, not to mention, she looked relaxed and so did the people around her.

"Ryan? When did you learn Russian?" Natasha asked.

"I didn't. I am using another skill to translate the language," Ryan replied. "Regardless, I didn't come to talk to you about that. I just wanted to warn you and your friends about the dangers of the sea. Poseidon is the first of the Greek gods who returned to Earth, and we are facing some problems thanks to him. I also wanted to ask if you guys are having any problems at the border with China. Did you guys get attacked? A fight already broke out? How are things in China from your perspective?"

"Woah, slow down," Natasha said. "One question at a time, please."

In the end, Ryan heard the same things he heard from Yahiko. While he trusted his report, he needed to confirm it from someone else's perspective. While Natasha noticed that something was odd in the sea, none of their camps were anywhere close to the coasts, so Poseidon wasn't an immediate problem for them.

Ryan quickly reached China, but while he could immediately teleport to the place Yahiko mentioned, he avoided doing that. It would be too suspicious if he were to suddenly appear in the middle of the country. Fortunately, the place Alissa had been seen wasn't that far away from Japan. She was supposed to be in Shanghai.

After reaching the Eastern coast, Ryan quickly found the city and couldn't help but frown while looking at it. Ryan had heard that Shanghai was pretty advanced and certainly was one of the most impressive cities on that side of the world, technologically speaking. While Ryan found some buildings that had been built before the monsters appeared, most of them were made of wood. Not to mention, Shanghai was massive It was the biggest city built after the monsters' arrival.

Ryan approached while flying, and thanks to that, dozens of soldiers came flying from Shanghai to receive him. Naturally, they were heavily armed, and Ryan could also tell that they were powerful. Still, he made sure not to use any skill or even Appraisal on them. He couldn't look suspicious if his only goal was to find a friend.

"Hello, my name is Ryan, and I am looking for a woman who has silver hair," Ryan said.

The soldiers frowned when they heard Ryan's voice inside their heads. Still, in the end, they didn't do anything aside from looking at him with dubious eyes since they probably know about Alissa.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1