Chapter 643: Fooled

Chapter 643: Fooled

Ryan tried to talk with Femradiel about what happened with her in the last few days, but she stayed silent the whole time. While Ryan was trying to hear things from her mouth, he stayed with Gustavo and the others. After all, they were the closest targets from Poseidon's perspective. Gustavo and his friends were also on guard, but their leader was the first one to get tired of it.

"I am bored," Gustavo said. "Let's train, Ryan. You need to recover some of the lost time."

" I guess it is fine," Ryan said.

Truth to be told, despite the fact that Ryan never refused an opportunity to train with another that had draconic powers, he didn't feel like training. Femradiel's behavior and silence were bothering quite a lot, and that was weird since Ryan liked silence and peace quite a lot. Despite that, Ryan owed Gustavo and the others quite a lot since, thanks to them, he managed to free Femradiel. The least he could do was to give them a hand like that.

After moving to a place a few kilometers away from the base, Ryan found an 'arena' that Gustavo and the others use to train in her draconic forms. One could see clearly the result of their training. There were supposed to be thousands of trees around. Still, one could only see hundreds of meters of the brown ground instead of any sign of vegetation.

At first, Ryan tried to fight without using magic and then leveled up a few times in his melee classes. In the last few weeks, he obtained many of them, but the chances of leveling them up were rare. However, in closed ranges, Ryan was weak. He could tell that Gustavo was having an easy time. Fighting while using only punches didn't suit him, so Ryan decided to use the same strategy he used against Rhodos he used a punch to decrease Gustavo's sight. He then attacked him from an unexpected angle with Magic Bows.

"That is a rather annoying combination," Gustavo said. "But are not going all out yet, right Ryan?"

"This is training, the goal is to level up our skills and classes, why do I have to go all out?" Ryan asked.

"Experience is also as valuable as those numbers we see in the screens," Gustavo replied. "It is rare to find an opponent that is good at long-ranged attacks and can endure more than a few punches at the same time. If you try hard enough, I will be forced to try hard enough. We will gain experience, level up our classes and skills. Everyone wins."

" All right then," Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan needed to punches a few things in order to clear his mind, after all. So, why not use Gustavo for that? When the second round of the spar started, Ryan made several Magic Bows appear around Gustavo. He tried to escape their range by dashing forward and attacking Ryan. Still, Ryan did that faster and prevented Gustavo from moving. The bolts fell on Gustavo's body, and his endurance and speed decreased. He panicked. While he fought some enemies that could do that, he didn't face anyone that could do it so fast.

Congratulations! The class Royal Archer has reached level 93.

Your dexterity and stamina have increased by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased by three points.

Ryan was pretty close from obtaining another special class, so he kept using Vital Hunter like there was no tomorrow. Gustavo activated some buffs and made Ryan fly with a body slam, but his magic bows still were hitting him. Without any other choice, he cast an Earth Armor around his body that protected him. Still, the arrows were quickly damaging the armor.

Ryan couldn't help but frown at such spells, while he could use the same, which was Ice Armor, he never used alongside Draconic Transformation. Regardless, he didn't have time to think about that. Gustavo dashed toward him again, and Ryan was forced to use Teleport. Before Gustavo could stop the charge and look for him, Ryan appeared in front of him and punched his face with a powerful straight. Gustavo fell and rolled on the ground. Naturally, that rose a massive wave of dust.

"For someone who wasn't even trying at the beginning, you sure are using some tricks," Bianca said while Gustavo was getting up. "Anyway, isn't your body different from the last time?"

"Is it?" Ryan asked. "I can't tell."

"Your blue scales are darker than I remember, and as for the dark lines, they seem longer and larger as well," Bianca said. "How did you recover her spirit exactly?"

"I just put her spirit inside me," Ryan replied. "Hey, Femradiel, do you know anything about this?"

" No," Femradiel said.

"I swear it if you keep doing those long pauses before answering me, I will I don't even know what I am going to do," Ryan said and then facepalmed. "What is wrong with you? You sound like a kid going through puberty."

"You are one to talk," Femradiel said. "You are always so edgy and quiet when other people are around, but you are weird enough to give a Warg such a weird name."

Ryan wanted to comment how bad Femradiel also was weird at the given name, but that conversation would last for quite a while if he gives her a chance. While arguing with her wasn't so bad, Ryan knew that it wasn't time for that. Femradiel needed some time, for some reason, and Ryan was training.

"So, you debuffs only last for ten seconds, huh," Gustavo said while he was cleaning his nose dirt with blood. "Now this is better."

"You got hit like that just to fall since I wouldn't attack you there?" Ryan frowned as he asked.

"Yep, I bet that you wouldn't attack someone on the ground, not a sparring partner at least," Gustavo smiled. "You are not the only one who has some neat ideas on his own to deal with troublesome situations."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1