Chapter 640: Steadily

Chapter 640: Steadily

Ryan confirmed that the palace was nearly defenseless as they approached, thanks to Clairvoyance. In the end, Ryan didn't know if it was due to Poseidon's carelessness, Isis's plan, or due to the fact that Hydras had to fight each other in order to make the dungeon level up faster, either way, the storm that once worked as a defensive barrier for the dungeon was no longer there.

"Now!" Ryan said and then teleported Gustavo's group to underwater and right above Poseidon's castle.

While Ryan couldn't go that deep in the ocean, the castle was within his range as a human. Regardless, after that, Gustavo and the others used Draconic Transformation and began to attack the massive walls around the castle. However, despite that, it looked like they were just a few ants scratching an elephant. While it wasn't tall, the castle makes up for it with its lengthiness.

"I can't sense your dragon's presence," Gustavo said via telepathic link.

"Femradiel doesn't have a body right now and she is probably in a prison that prevents her from using magic, so it will be a bit harder to find," Ryan said. "Still, we will know where she is once the royal guards appear."

Speaking of the devils, suddenly, Ryan saw those ten figures from the center of the castle. They came from the tallest and largest building that one could be found in the castle a pretty cliched place to find someone who needed rescue. Ryan almost teleported directly to the place, but then he stopped. He might not be that useful, but leaving his allies alone against those ten creatures wasn't a wise idea. Even without his draconic powers, Ryan could offer some decent support. Besides, he had a certain idea

"I will need a favor," Ryan said. "Try to hold them back for as long as you can without me."

"That was the plan anyway," Gustavo said. "Do that and then give you the chance to rescue Femradiel and then leave as fast as possible."

"No, that won't be enough," Ryan said. "Just trust me, all right."

" I wish you could have warned us about possible changes in the plan," Gustavo said with a long sigh. "Well, three of us are dragons focused on endurance, so we can deal with some punishment."

As soon as Ryan found Rhodos, he activated Wolf's Greed. He had no idea how much different the enemy would be without his dexterity, but some things would change.

Your dexterity has increased by one point.

Your dexterity has increased by one point.

Congratulations! The skill Wolf's Pride has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Your dexterity has increased by two points.

Ryan's health began to decrease at an insane speed, he had prepared some potions to deal with that, but Bianca solved that problem. She had no idea what Ryan was doing. Still, she could sense power leaving the strongest enemies' body and moving to Ryan. Strangely enough, Rhodos didn't try to stop Ryan. While Gustavo was between them, Rhodos could teleport. Still, he didn't have the confidence that only that skill would be enough to surpass the five dragons in front of them.

Rhodos and his brothers dashed toward Gustavo and the others, using water magic to increase their speed and power. However, the five dragons stopped them by bombarding them with magic. Lightning bolts were fired by the hundreds, even though only one of the dragons could cause extra damage by using that kind of attack. All of the others knew that they would be able to cause more damage with that type of attack instead of using their main elements underwater.

Rhodos and his brothers tried to ignore their attacks, but they could only do so for so long against dragons that were using all the energy they can use. The dragons' attacks caused so much damage that even Rhodos' skin began to burn. He had planned to endure it until the enemies ran out of mana. Still, in the end, all of them teleported to several hundred meters backward.

Gustavo and his friends stopped their attacks since even lightning bolts wouldn't be that effective from so far away. While they cross the ocean, they lose a lot of power. The fight continued in front of Ryan, and for the first time, he didn't join a fight that was happening right in front of him.

"Who could have thought that this skill could be used this way" Ryan thought as he watched his dexterity increasing by two points every second. "While this skill has a lot of restrictions, those can be easily ignored by fighting alongside some powerful allies. Letting others do all the work isn't my style, but certainly is the best way to make use of this skill."

Every ten seconds, Wolf's Greed leveled up, and Ryan received more damage and also obtained more dexterity. While that speed wasn't so bad since it looked like Ryan could make the skill reach level one hundred in less than fifteen minutes, Ryan couldn't feel satisfied since Poseidon could return much sooner than expected. Despite that, Ryan wasn't worried. The idea of facing Poseidon before rescuing Femradiel seemed strangely appealing for Ryan. That being said

"Ryan!" Bianca shouted. "Care to do something now?"

Gustavo and his friends were running out of mana. It wasn't surprising to hold back enemies of that level. One couldn't try to save mana. Ryan sighed and then deactivated Wolf's Greed. Ryan summoned ten magic copies of his immobilizing crossbow and then activated Vital Hunter. He hired after activating Perfect Shot as well, and he did the same thing. The enemies lost some speed and endurance. The same thing happened several times while Ryan was using mana potions to recover his mana. Rhodos and his friends couldn't do anything about it because they couldn't focus on dodging Ryan's bolts while facing the dragons' attacks.

Ryan wasn't causing much damage since he was decreasing the status of ten enemies, but slowly and steadily was diminishing the difference in power between Poseidon's sons and Gustavo's party.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1