Chapter 644: Crystal Archer

Chapter 644: Crystal Archer

In the end, since they didn't have anything better to do for the rest of the day, Ryan and the others sparred until sunset. Thanks to that, Ryan made a lot of progress. More than he had expected.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Hexblade, Royal Archer, and Sorcerer? Y/N?

Ryan obviously chose yes, and while he knew that he wouldn't obtain classes like the ones he obtained after sacrificing only ranged classes, he still was expecting a lot. After all, two of those three were tier-three classes. As it turns out, he wasn't disappointed.

Congratulations! You received the class Crystal Archer. You learned the skills: Ruby Arrow, Emerald Arrow, and Sapphire Arrow. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by ten points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by five points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ruby Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow made of ruby that causes a fixed amount of damage per level. The damage caused by them cannot be healed or recovered for thirty seconds. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by 100.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Emerald Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow made of emerald that causes a fixed amount of damage to the target's stamina per level. The damage caused by them cannot being healed or recovered for thirty seconds. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by 100.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sapphire Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow made of sapphire that causes a fixed amount of damage to the target's stamina per level. The damage caused by them cannot be healed or recovered for thirty seconds. The damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by 100.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"Crystal Archer what a weird class," Ryan muttered.

Everyone noticed that Ryan obtained a new special class, so they asked him for details during dinner. In the end, Ryan explained to them and also decided to stay until the next day to see if Poseidon will do something. Unless he were a fool, he wouldn't leave the seas, or unless he is one hundred percent sure that he can kill all his enemies even outside the ocean.

Ryan wasn't the only one, but he stayed on guard duty throughout the entire night. In such moments, Femradiel used to talk a lot, but she still was silent and never started any conversation. Fortunately, someone else decided to speak with Ryan and make his worries disappear.

"You can rest easy," Isis suddenly said via Telepathy. "Poseidon won't do anything, while you took your time to rescue your friend, Poseidon now knows that he has many enemies, he won't leave the oceans and risk himself and his sons leaving his domain trying to hunt you."

"Is that so" Ryan said. "I don't think my group was responsible for scaring Poseidon. Can you explain how you did it?"

"I didn't do anything, I just stayed on the support role, my contributor was the one who caused Poseidon some real problems," Isis said. "Naturally, I can't tell what they did."

All that secrecy still was bothering Ryan, but in the end, he couldn't complain. He owed Isis as much as he owed Gustavo and the others. While that was slightly bothersome, it wasn't as much as before. Besides, Ryan needed a certain information network, and they could help him more than a little bit with that.

"I owe you one for this operation," Ryan said. "If you need help with something, I will give you a hand."

"I will remember that," Isis said. "Regardless, stay away from the oceans for a while. We will all do the same for the time being. Poseidon may not have lost not a single one of his sons, but he lost a lot of minions on our end. So, we will stay away from the oceans for the time being."

"All right," Ryan said.

It was going to be annoying to see Poseidon attacking and destroying all the rest of human civilizations, or what endured all the catastrophes until now, by increasing the ocean's level. But in the end, Ryan couldn't do anything about it.

Ryan stayed with Gustavo and the others until noon of the next day, just as planned, but after that, he returned to his domain. During the way back, Femradiel didn't mutter a single word as well. For a while, Ryan thought of using Femradiel's previous tactic of using the clauses in the contract to force her to talk, but he gave up on it. It wasn't fair for him to do certain things with others when he himself hated when people tried to ask certain things of him. Ryan valued their friendship, but it looked like Femradiel didn't have the same feelings. He recalled certain words that a wise man said in the past: "People work together when it suits them. They're loyal when it suits them. They love each other when it suits them, and they kill each other when it suits them."

Ryan didn't imagine that Femradiel would become a friend when he made the pact with her, and he knew that they were only using each other to achieve their own goals. Perhaps it was time to return to that mindset

After returning to his domain, Ryan noticed that the number of golems he had summoned to help Furball decreased a lot. As expected, things were getting harder there. Femradiel summoned her familiars, but Ryan had other ideas.

"If you want to help him, you can do it," Ryan said. "However, keep them outside the dungeons. I will let those assholes cause some dungeon breaks inside my domain."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1