Chapter 648: Hard To Kill

Chapter 648: Hard to kill

"Poseidon probably used his flood to make some of his minions enter those dungeons, when the waters reached a level high enough to no one notice it," Ryan muttered to himself. "Regardless, he probably broke the dungeons that his allies have time to warn everyone again."

Ryan used the telepathic link to warn Gustavo and the others while he was flying to look for the dungeons in his country that broke. Much to his surprise, there were dozens of them.

"I guess Greek gods wouldn't create dungeons and summon monsters that would reveal their identity," Ryan said. "Shit I guess not even the ice golems that I used to seal some dungeons were of much use if Poseidon's sons attacked my armies."

Ryan imagined that Isis would contact him soon, but she probably was caught off guard as well, so she must be busy dealing with the hordes of monsters. She probably knew that Ryan would focus on defending his country again, so she won't ask for help.

The first dungeon that had been broken that Ryan found was on the border between the United States and Canada. Fortunately, Ryan found a certain bunch fighting against the monsters they were Alissa's soldiers. They probably left the base to look for her, but their mobility wasn't that great since they always relied on Alissa for that.

Ryan quickly found one of the dungeons he had sealed, and things were just as he had expected, his golems had been killed, and dozens of thousands of minotaurs could be found around the place. Some of them were spreading their area of influence, but most of them were guarding the dungeon. They even created some defenses with Earth Manipulation. That was proof enough that someone is controlling them.

Minotaur  Lv 825

Health: 83.000/83.000

Mana: 15.000/15.000

Stamina: 35.000/35.000

Strength: 7500 (+ 300)

Dexterity: 2500

Speed: 2500

Intelligence: 2500

Endurance: 9000 (+1300)

Control: 3000

Mentality: 2000

Luck: 500

Recovery: 20.000

Willpower: 5000

Coins: --

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv 630

Passive Physical Skills: Stone Skin Lv 400, Herculean Strength Lv 400, Axemanship Lv 400

Spells: Earth Manipulation Lv 350

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 50, Cold Resistance Lv 50, Shock Resistance Lv 50

" Fuck me," Ryan said after a long sigh.

It would take too long for Ryan to take out so many study monsters, unless he uses an unorthodox strategy. Fortunately, Ryan soon came up with one, which would help him quite a lot in other aspects. First of all, Ryan moved to high in the sky at an altitude where his presence wouldn't be noticed, even if he uses Draconic Transformation. After doing that, he activated several buffs that increased his strength and also started Concentrated Strike.

The skill began to level up like crazy, even though he hadn't hit anything with it. Things will be even more impressive when he attacks. When Ryan felt satisfied with the power behind his attack, he started a free fall toward minotaurs. Once he noticed that they noticed his presence, Ryan teleported to the right above them. Before they could react in any way, Ryan punched several minotaurs, smashing them to a pulp and then hitting the ground. The energy on his fist spread around the area, causing a massive amount of destruction and killing thousands of the monsters around him since Ryan wasn't used to attacking like that, even his body suffered a lot of damage.

Congratulations! The class Monk has leveled up.

Congratulations! The class Iron Fists has leveled up.

Congratulations! The class Warrior has leveled up.

Ryan received so many notifications that he could barely see them one after the other. His melee classes leveled up like crazy, and he received millions of coins. While the enemy was causing so many problems, working like that didn't seem so bad but then Ryan cooled his head because even if he kills all the monsters that were spawned thanks to the dungeon breaks caused by Poseidon, they will return on the next day or even after just a few hours.

Most of the enemies suffered damage, but only half of them were killed by Ryan's attack. Ryan summoned his Magic Bows and began to bombard them, but he didn't stop at that. He used Ice Breath, even though it wasn't his style to use that skill to defeat a massive number of enemies. At first, the minotaurs tried to attack Ryan, but only a few of them got close enough. They weren't at the level where they could stop Ryan in his draconic form. After losing one-fourth more of their troops, the minotaurs' behavior changed. They began to escape toward all directions that had been too fast for an improvised retreat.

"The dungeon master gave them the order to escape" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "No matter I don't have time to waste chasing the leftovers."

Ryan deactivated Draconic Transformation and then used Invisibility to disappear. He immediately teleported to the next area, and after a while, he found another dungeon that broke. Still, he found Daniel's group fighting the monsters there. While they only had six people on their side, they cut through the enemies' line as if they were a hot knife and the monsters were butter. Speaking of the monsters, they were Orcs another species that was pretty sturdy.

"Is it just a coincidence that most of these monsters are hard to kill?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Ryan finally found a dungeon that broke that day and that he hadn't cleared yet. However, when he checked the level Brute Feralligators, Ryan noticed that their levels were pretty low. Thanks to that, he noticed that such a type of monster hasn't been found in the country yet that was a dungeon that just appeared a few weeks prior.

"I can't understand what the Greek gods are planning with this, but I certainly can't let their minions grow in number and strength in my country," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Ryan attacked the monsters, but this time he didn't focus too much on them. While he was attacking with his magic bows, Ryan was trying to come with ways to prevent such situations.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1