Chapter 649: Avenger

Chapter 649: Avenger

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Avenger, Poisonous Archer, and Arch Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Avenger!

You obtained the following skills: Counter, Avenger's Spirit, and Vengeful Explosion.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Counter.

Effect: It grants you the chance to attack simultaneously with the enemy despite the difference in speed. This skill grants you two percent more physical damage per level while active.

Cost: 200 stamina per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Avenger's Spirit.

Effect: It temporarily increases all your attributes based on the skill level and per each fallen ally in the current battle.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Vengeful Explosion.

Effect: A special skill that makes you unable to move or do anything for a determined amount of time based on the skill level. While the skill is active, all the damage received by the enemies will be returned to them in a single massive explosion. Each level grants you the chance to reflect the damage received during 0.1 seconds.

Cost: 10.000 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Avenger? What a weird class" Ryan frowned after he cleared the Brute Feralligators dungeon.

Ryan didn't use the same strategy to kill the monsters since he needed some time to think, so he didn't exterminate the monsters as fast as previously. But at least he came up with a way to prevent those forced dungeon breaks. Regardless, that was a question for later. Right now, Ryan was more interested in the Avenger class. The skills certainly were something else that would prove to be quite useful in the hands of a melee fight, but Avenger's Spirit could help Ryan quite a bit as well. He just needed to learn if the skill would work if his summoned monsters fall.

"Well, the chance to confirm that will eventually show up," Ryan said and then turned to the side since it was almost time for Poseidon's flood.

The ocean's level increased, and with it, Ryan felt the presence of several monsters approaching as well. He made sure to kill those, but in the end, he didn't feel that satisfied. While the waters increased a lot and advanced through the land, in the end, only things that had ten meters of height or less were submerged temporarily. Meaning, small creatures were causing the dungeon breaks, and Ryan didn't feel the presence of Poseidon's son. As if that wasn't enough, he finally noticed why only sturdy monsters showed up in the dungeon breaks It was because they were the only ones who could survive underwater for several minutes while the ocean waters crashed against them.

"I will have to adapt my plans," Ryan said and then teleported to the coast.

"Isis didn't say to you to stay away from the ocean for the time being, didn't she?" Femradiel asked.

"I am not going to fight, and I will erase my presence," Ryan said. Then he used Animalistic Transference to make his Hydra approach his body. "Let's find some allies for you."

Ryan gave Hydra the order to look for other Hydras and attack. It didn't take long for that to happen, and as expected, even though they reached the max level, the hydras still were growing powerful. So, his own Hydra wasn't powerful enough to deal with them. Ryan had to intervene at the last moment to knock down the monster unconscious. Before anyone could feel his presence and react in any way, Ryan tamed the beast.

"If they work together, they should be able to take down other Hydras, but maybe it is not enough," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Considering that Ryan was going to give the order to the Hydras to defeat any monster that approaches the coast and focuses that job when Poseidon raises the level of the oceans, sooner or later, his tamed monsters will become targets of Poseidon's army. Fighting against other Hydras will make them level up faster, but even so, that wasn't enough since they had more or less the same strengths and weaknesses. After checking the dungeon shop, Ryan found a skill that might help them with that.

Thunder Beam Tome

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a beam of energy that causes massive magic damage and paralyzes the target for its duration.

Cost: 300 mana per second.

Price: 10.000.000

"I guess this will do," Ryan nodded to himself and bought the tome, making the item fall on his newest pet.

"It will take a while before this skill reaches a level where it can paralyze other Hydras," Femradiel said. "Your plan is flawed."

"They will have twenty-four hours to train the skill. Besides, aquatic monsters are weaker against electric attacks," Ryan said. "So, it will become effective twice as fast than usual, even more so if I give the order for them to use only that skill. Besides, this is only one of the first steps for a much larger plan."

"It looks like you are finally using your head again," Femradiel said. "Speaking of which, what is this skill Wolf's Greed? Are you trying to look cool or something? When did you get this skill?"

"I wasn't the one who named it, and I got it while you were on Poseidon's castle," Ryan replied.

Ryan almost said, "while you were on vacation." Those were some harsh words since he only had a small idea of what Femradiel endured there. Saying such a thing would only make Femradiel even eager to keep quiet about it. Until now, Ryan didn't notice anything weird, Femradiel, considering that Poseidon tried to kill her by destroying her memories. Still, it was hard to be sure, given that she was barely talking.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1