Chapter 647: Night Ranger

Chapter 647: Night Ranger

"Who are you, and what do you want with her?" One of the soldiers asked.

"I am her friend, and I am worried about her since she lost someone important recently," Ryan replied. "I just need to confirm that she is alright."

Ryan was trying to be as friendly as possible. Still, in the end, the Chinese soldiers didn't relax even a little bit for some odd reason. It didn't look like they had problems with foreigners, so they had no real reason to be so wary of him. Or maybe the fact that they didn't have many visitors was the cause of that.

While Ryan was expecting a positive answer, he noticed that Shanghai didn't suffer from Poseidon's flood. While the ground around was wet thanks to the seawater, the city itself was completely fine probably because it was inside someone's domain.

While Ryan was thinking about that, someone suddenly appeared in front of the group of soldiers. It was a tall man who had long black hair tied up in a ponytail. He had a red spear, a magic weapon that made Ryan feel shivers while looking at it. He was also wearing weird red armor that didn't protect all his upper body, only his torso and left hand.

"I heard about you, Ryan," The tall man said. "My name is Fang Shi, and I will need to ask you to leave this country."

"Did I do something that offended you?" Ryan asked.

"Not yet, but you did it to a friend, you lied to Alissa, and that is more than enough for me to decide that you are not welcome here," Fang Shi replied.

"She became a friend of yours rather quickly, didn't she?" Ryan asked. "May I ask what she is doing here?"

"She asked me to answer you this, but she also asked me not to let you get any closer to where she is," Fang Shi replied. "Swear to me that you will leave once I answer the question, and I will tell you."

" I swear it," Ryan replied.

"She wants to investigate another world by herself, and she said that she doesn't want to be bothered," Fang Shi replied. "We have a dungeon that is spawning Earth Dragons, and she wants to learn more about them."

" All right then," Ryan said and then turned around. "Thank you for answering my questions."

Ryan left because even though Alissa probably decided that without thinking, it was her decision. If she doesn't want to see him anymore, Ryan will respect her wishes. Regardless, she probably made some agreements with Fang Shit to obtain complete control over a dungeon that spawns dragons, and Ryan couldn't help but frown while imagining them.

"You gave up much sooner than expected, don't you think?" Femradiel asked.

"I was trying to help her out of consideration," Ryan replied. "But if she is willing to go that far in order to avoid me, I don't feel like wasting any more time than I already did."

"So, the old, cold, merciless, and grumpy Ryan is back?" Femradiel asked.

"Back in full power and with improvements," Ryan replied and then used Teleport.

Once again, Ryan reminded himself to stay away from complicated individuals. He had too little time to waste with them, even though his weekly sleeping hours barely reached the two-digits mark. Regardless, before returning home, Ryan decided to clear the dungeons in Canada he left behind due to the attack that Isis had planned.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Flame Swordsman, Night Ranger, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Night Ranger!

You obtained the following skills: Night Shot, Archery Training, and Silence Arrow.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Night Shot.

Effect: A special arrow that is nearly impossible to detect at night when the user fires it in stealth status.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Archery Training.

Effect: It passively increases the speed of level up of your bow and crossbows-related skills by a percentage based on this skill level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Silence Arrow.

Effect: it grants you the power to fire a single arrow that might put the foe into silent status for a determined amount of time based on this skill level.

Cost: 200 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

"This time, my luck isn't so bad, huh," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

It looked like with Archery Training, things proceed favorably for Ryan. While the passive skill probably didn't work to make classes level up faster, Ryan had plenty of archer skills he wanted to level up, but he just didn't have too much time. Ryan didn't know that, but his training time was bound to decrease once again. The world began to tremble, and Ryan quickly realized what was going on, but he didn't want to believe it it was a massive dungeon break.

"I can feel the population of monsters increasing," Femradiel said. "Weirdly enough, the dungeons that broke are the ones pretty close to the coasts."

"Poseidon" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and then said it." How did he cause dungeon breaks?"

"No idea," Femradiel said as if that wasn't her problem.

After a long sigh, Ryan began to think how Poseidon did that. It didn't take him long to imagine how Poseidon did that. Now that he could show his true power on Earth, he probably became a true 'citizen.' His troops probably were no different. Before, they couldn't enter other dungeons because they were invaders, but that is no longer the case.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1