Chapter 658: Negotiations

Chapter 658: Negotiations

Ryan was hurrying to finish his preparations, but it looked like he would never reach the desirable level of preparation. He needed another source of power after thinking for a while. Upon finding the pile of materials that Isis brought him, Ryan decided to contact Yahiko.

"Hello again, Ryan," Yahiko said once Ryan used Telepathy. "Did something happen?"

"It looks like we only talk when something happens, huh," Ryan said. "Today, I decided to contact you to do business. I want to buy dragon hearts."

"I imagined that this would happen eventually," Yahiko said. "Usually, I would offer you some since you helped us quite a lot, but it looks like you don't want a small amount. Thanks to the Azure dragons, the commerce in Japan changed quite a bit, so the value of dragon hearts is pretty high. I can give you a discount, but even considering that, I can't sell them for less than two hundred thousand coins."

"All right then," Ryan said. "Can you store one hundred of them every week for me?"

" I can't imagine someone being able to eat one hundred of every week, but well, I can," Yahiko said. "Just inform me the precise day you will come and then will be ready."

"Roger that," Ryan said.

"Speaking of which, do you want the dragon hearts will increase all of your status or only dexterity?" Yahiko asked.

" Can you separate the ones that will increase only my dexterity?" Ryan asked after a few seconds of silence due to the surprise.

"Yes, it is possible," Yahiko replied.

That was a surprise, but in the end, it was only evident that sooner or later, humans would find a way to exploit even more the dragon hearts. Besides, classes and items that provided dexterity weren't in high demand since they only increased range and the damage caused by long-ranged attacks. As for melee or magical classes, items and classes that increase strength and intelligence would be useful in other aspects aside from guarding and attacking.

Technically speaking, buying all low-level skills and then train them in his draconic form would save Ryan some coins, but Ryan didn't want to save coins. Instead, he wanted to save time. So while Ryan wouldn't be able to increase his chances of succeeding by using only one hundred dragon hearts, he will save himself of some future problems by eating them every week.

Ryan quickly returned to his domain, and then he proceeded to create more potions. Those actually could change the tide of the next battle, so he needed as many as possible. By focusing solely on that, Ryan used all the essences he obtained in the last few days, and then he proceeded to craft a magic staff. One that could exponentially increase his magic elemental damage would be the best option. Still, in the end, it will take too much time for Ryan to find them exactly one that he wanted.

"I guess I need to change my plans a little bit again," Ryan muttered. "If I go with my original plan, I might cause some problems for other humans and I won't be able to use my strengths."

"What are you mumbling to yourself?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan was too focused on his planning, so he didn't hear those words. After having a clear plan in his mind, Ryan talked with Yahiko once again, and then he went to Japan for the dragon hearts. Yahiko frowned when he appeared there in his draconic form. He frowned, even more when Ryan gave him twenty thousand million coins. He thought Ryan would bargain, but it looked like his image of Ryan was a little bit weird.

"You seem in a hurry, are you planning something big?" Yahiko asked.

"More or less," Ryan replied. "I can talk with you about it if you want it, but you and your people might get in trouble afterward."

"Are you not confident in your plan?" Yahiko asked. "We can always give you a hand to increase the chances of success."

"I am confident, but even if I achieve my goal, it doesn't mean that nothing bad will happen afterward," Ryan replied. "If I succeed, I will live for another day, but my number of enemies will increase exponentially. If I fail, I will die."

"It seems very troublesome situation," Yahiko frowned once again. "What will happen if you don't do anything?"

"I might lose several things once again, but I would rather die than experience that kind of thing again," Ryan replied.

It was difficult to understand what was hanging in the balance when Ryan was giving any details. Still, in the end, Yahiko decided not to step forward. Unlike Ryan, he would gladly lose several things. As long as he manages to protect his people, everything is bearable. While Yahiko knew that the difference in power between them didn't decrease all that much, he knew that Ryan's strength doesn't come from his status and skills alone. He could defeat and have defeated several enemies that were dozens of times stronger than him because his most powerful weapon was his spirit. The hardships he endured turned his spirit into a powerful arrow that was always flying toward a target. With that in mind, and also considering that Ryan wasn't asking for help, he decided to assume a neutral position.

"I wish you luck, Ryan," Yahiko said.

Ryan nodded and then ate the dragon hearts in a single moment. After that, he disappeared using Teleport. But, instead of returning to his domain, Ryan returned to outer space. It was finally time to put his plan into motion. While the preparations weren't perfect, he had some ideas on how to achieve his goal.

"I wish I could see his surprised face of surprise" Ryan smirked, and then he began to create some massive Ice Arrows that were even bigger than him in his draconic form.

It would be best if Ryan had coordinated his plans with Isis and others, but in the end, that would take too much time, and Ryan wouldn't be able to receive all the profits. It looked like Wolf's Greed changed his way of thinking much more than expected but Ryan was aware of that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1