Chapter 659: Unexpected Upgrade

Chapter 659: Unexpected upgrade

Ryan created twenty of those two hundred meters arrows, eight to fire at Poseidon's castle and twelve to destroy those floating spheres. Truth to be told, the arrows didn't need to be that long, but in the end, he had no idea if the ice would endure the trip all the way to the ground. So, he made the projectiles as sturdy as they could be. However, there was one Ice Arrow that Ryan made sure to increase the size exponentially because that was the one that would cause the real damage. So, that one was three times bigger and larger that was the arrow that Ryan wanted to fire up Poseidon's ass for all the troubles he and his minions had caused.

Before firing any of those, Ryan began to use mana potions, INT potions, and DEX potions like there were no tomorrow. At the same time, he filled nineteen of the projectiles with as much mana as possible mana that had been converted into the skill: Ice Enchantment. While Ryan didn't use that skill all that much, he made up for its lack of power by using Mana Manipulation and the INT potions.

When the five minutes of the potions were almost up, Ryan fired them after activating Perfect Shot. The projectiles needed some seconds to gain momentum due to the inertia and due to the fact that they were in outer space, but once that happened. The massive projectiles flew and hit the ground and the targets almost instantly.

Ryan's arrows hit the massive spheres of water, but instead of destroying those, the arrows passed through and froze them instantly. The Hydras also became ice statues. Unfortunately, things didn't end there Ryan's arrows hit the ground and then froze the entire area. In a fifty-kilometer radius, all the spots in Africa and South America that were hit by his arrows now resembled the South Pole.

As for the arrows that Ryan used to hit Poseidon's castle, they didn't even cause tsunamis. The very moment they pierced the ocean, everything around them froze. Everything from the bottom of the ocean up to the surface and around Poseidon's castle had become a single massive iceberg, and yet Ryan still had more.

You received 256.689 coins.

You received 456.259 coins.

You received 688.777 coins.

Congratulations! The skill Draconis Transformation has reached level 103.

Ryan ignored the notifications as he filled the last and the biggest spear with mana. This time, he was using Electric Enchantment. His goal was to fry Poseidon with a powerful electric discharge or at least cause a lot of damage and piss him off. Hopefully, the ice will hold him back for a while

"What did you do?" Ryan suddenly heard Femradiel's voice.

"Killing my enemies," Ryan replied. "I am kind of busy here, so don't bother me."

"You attacked Poseidon's castle and didn't tell me about it?" Femradiel raised her voice in shock.

"Everyone has their own secrets," Ryan replied. "Besides, your current form wouldn't be of much use in this fight."

"I already know that, dumbass," Femradiel said. "But I could have helped you with some valuable information."

"I thought you didn't want to talk about him," Ryan said.

"Valuable information about how to increase your power!" Femradiel raised her voice again. "If you weren't so dumb, you could have increased the power of your attacks by two times. Still, it isn't too late you received a lot of mana just now."

Ryan had no idea what Femradiel was planning. Still, in the end, she used all the mana that his spiritual form obtained after Ryan's previous attacks to make Ice Breath and Frost Armor level up. He had no idea why she was doing that, but he didn't have time to ask about it. However, once both skills reached level one hundred

Congratulations! The skills Draconic Transformation, Ice Breath, and Frost Armor have reached level one hundred. As such, you have earned the right to be promoted from Lesser Dragon to Dragon. The effects of those skills will increase by 100%.

" Why didn't you tell me that this could happen sooner?" Ryan asked.

"Why didn't you tell me that you were planning to kill yourself by fighting Poseidon?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan sighed in the end, he didn't have time to waste by arguing with Femradiel. Then, thanks to Clairvoyance, he could see the iceberg right above Poseidon's castle cracking Ryan used tons of mana and potions to stop him, but he only bought thirst or so seconds in the end. In the end, Ryan decided to fire his arrow when Poseidon shows himself. Still, he changed his mind when he saw the Atlantic Ocean moving in a weird fashion. A stupid amount of water was moving upward, and so Ryan fired.

Before the enemy could show up, the massive arrow hit the iceberg and destroyed it completely. The electric discharge crossed the area and then raised massive steam as water and ice evaporated instantly. Despite that, Ryan could see the entire area thanks to Clairvoyance, and yet, no signs of Poseidon. He probably got directly by his arrow It seemed like a golden opportunity to use Wolf's Greed, but Ryan didn't approach. Despite the success of his attacks, he was sweating cold. He could feel a cold murderous glare coming from Poseidon's castle or what was left of it.

Still, Ryan couldn't stay in outer space for long. He was basically wasting mana keeping Mana Barrier active. So he returned to Earth, but at a height where Poseidon wouldn't be able to attack him so freely with the ocean waters.

Suddenly, a weird figure appeared in front of Ryan. At first, he didn't recognize it since he was basically a shirtless guy who apparently wanted to show his six-pack, but then Ryan saw that light-blue trident. After that, the golden hair and the deep blue eyes It was Poseidon. Ryan couldn't help but tremble a little while looking directly into the cold eyes of a Greek god. Still, he calmed down a little bit when he saw that Poseidon was bleeding from several parts of his body his attacks caused damage, and if he could cause damage, he could kill him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1