Chapter 656: Toxic Wizard

Chapter 656: Toxic Wizard

The Hydras tried to recreate their domain and attack Ryan and the others at the same time, but in the end, creating the massive amount of water necessary wasn't something they could do instantly. Before they could, Ryan and the others recovered their mana. They attacked the surviving Hydras, who looked more like oversized worms than mythological monsters that caused a lot of trouble a few weeks prior.

"Phew we did it," Gustavo said. "Thanks for the help, Ryan. If you hadn't come so fast, I didn't think we would have stopped those bastards."

"No worries," Ryan said as he checked the loot. "Still, you guys could have come with the same idea and finished things earlier and without me, if just one of you could use Teleport."

"I guess you are right," Bianca crossed her arms and then said. "We need that type of skill to prevent those types of surprise attacks and to surprise our targets as well. We should save coins in order for that."

"In any case, this was easier than I expected," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows while he watched the destroyed area. "To think that only bosses would be involved in this type of attack is somewhat worrying."

"You mean because there is a chance that there are other groups of Hydras doing the same?" Paulo asked after hesitating.

"That is right," Ryan nodded. "If they can use their minions like this, the dungeon masters can cause a lot of trouble without exposing themselves. Anyway, I am preparing a few things to prevent those surprise attacks, relying on Teleport might be enough, but you should think of doing other things. Our first big enemy is a Greek god, who probably can think of some other ways to counter our tactics as well."

That was only logical, but it looked like Gustavo's group wasn't good at thinking in countermeasures. Since they have been together for the last eight months, they solved all their problems by relying on teamwork and their draconic powers. It will take a while before they get used to doing that.

"I doubt that they will approach your camps after this, but if you were to find another one nearby, contact me," Ryan said. "I want to be a pain in Poseidon's ass, I need to taunt him as much as possible, otherwise, he will never leave the oceans."

After saying that, Ryan decided to return to his domain, but before that, he also alerted Lucas about what happened. While he was the only one who could use Draconic Transformation in his camp, his allies weren't half bad. They probably will come up with countermeasures to that kind of attack. Since he was there, Lucas showed him a tier-three dungeon that recently showed up nearby his domain.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Berserker, Sentinel, and Toxic Wizard.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Toxic Wizard!

You obtained the following skills: Poison Cloud, Poison Spear, and Poison Fang.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Cloud.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a poison cloud that will automatically pursue a target and cause damage based on your intelligence and skill level.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Spear.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a Poison Spear that explodes upon contact and causes continuous damage for ten seconds.

Cost: 300 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Poison Fang.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire a poisonous projectile that will paralyze the enemies for a few moments while causing damage over time.

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"I should have asked Gustavo if any tier three dungeon showed up in his territory," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "What a waste."

"If you are still closer to them than close to home, you can always return," Lucas said. "Anyway, do you think there is something weird with those tier three dungeons that showed up this late in the game?"

"I need to confirm a few things before to be sure, did this dungeon suffer a forced dungeon break recently?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, soon after Poseidon began to increase the oceans level," Lucas replied. "I guess this confirms that hypothesis that he is trying to help his allies with those dungeon breaks."

"We should be careful with those tier three dungeons that are close to the coast," Ryan said. "I doubt that they reach the level max before the first dungeons of their owners, but they can be used to keep an eye on people like us."

Lucas nodded after hearing that. While people obtained superhuman strength, speed, and powers, information still was as important as it could have ever been. Sometimes, knowledge about the enemy could determine the result of a fight, even when their difference in power was too big.

After that, Ryan returned to his domain, and without wasting time, he resumed his preparations. However, after a while, he had a few ideas and decided to confirm those with Femradiel. While she wasn't causing much damage with her magic, she still was immobilizing the specters with her ice magic. When they tried to steal her mana, she created an Ice Wall to block the attack, and then their attacks destroyed the Ice Wall. She was nowhere to be found. At least from the enemies' perspective, whenever things got dicey, she would hide behind Furball.

"It will take me a lot of time to understand why she chose a human body" Ryan said and then sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1