Chapter 653: Acid Archer

Chapter 653: Acid Archer

In the end, Ryan confirmed his theory. The Magic Fists would be the size he was on the very moment the skill was active. It was only obvious that would be the case since when he summons the Magic Bows, they appear on the same size as their originals.

"Now I just have to check things on the West coast" Ryan said and then sighed. "I love my life I feel like a firefighter who doesn't have days offs or goes on vacation."

In the end, Ryan managed to finish things on the other side of the country after two days. He did it pretty fast, considering that there were no humans in that region that could help him. Regardless, he had the chance to use Elven Mastery and even obtained a pretty interesting class as well.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Frozen Guard, Acid Archer, and Demon Summoner.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Acid Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Acid Arrow, Acid Rain, and Acid Explosion.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acid Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that causes instant damage and damage over time on the target. It also decreases the target's endurance and mentality by one point per level for twenty seconds.

Cost: 50 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acid Rain.

Effect: It grants you the power to cause a rain of Acid Arrows. The effects of Acid Arrows can also be applicable to the skill.

Cost: 500 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Acid Explosion.

Effect: it grants you the power to summon a powerful arrow that explodes and spreads a massive amount of acid in a vast area.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"It is weird since this feels more like a mage class, but oh well" Ryan shrugged. "It will certainly come in handy."

"My new body is ready," Femradiel said. "But I need to give you a few warnings before anything."

"That was fast," Ryan frowned.

"I used less mana this time because I assumed I would adapt faster by creating a normal body, one that has no powers whatsoever," Femradiel replied. "I will have the same level of strength a human had when the dungeons began to spawn here."

"That sure sounds weird," Ryan frowned once again. "Aren't you an experienced dragon? Your new bodies are always weaker than your previous, and you don't need to adapt to them."

"When I mentioned adapting, I was talking about the classes," Femradiel replied. "There is another reason for that, though. Once I am recognized by the system, our contract might break, and you will lose your draconic powers. By leaving most of my previous power and knowledge sealed inside of you, we will have other benefits as well. If this new body were to be destroyed, I could always reconstruct it, and I won't have to start from scratch."

Ryan furrowed his eyebrows when he heard that. It wasn't much different from before since Femradiel's familiarity could always be recovered afterward, even after death. Still, it was weird given that she wanted a human body, and the same will have a pretty impressive level of immortality. Of course, a lot more mana will be needed to reconstruct her body as she grows stronger. Still, it didn't change the fact that Ryan's existence would give her many layers of assurance. Ryan couldn't help but ponder if Femradiel wasn't planning something. The contract certainly won't allow her to do anything that might prejudice Ryan, but still

"Since I will need your help with the Teacher class, I think you should return to the domain before anything," Femradiel said. "Fighting the powerful monsters that are there will also make me stronger faster."

In the end, Ryan silently returned to his domain. If Femradiel were plotting something suspicious, he could easily solve the problem by retorting to the contract. Once they returned to the domain, Femradiel didn't waste time and then summoned her new body. Ryan couldn't help but frown for many reasons when he saw what Femradiel had created. With the exception of the long and glowing light-blue hair, the deep-blue crystal-like eyes, and the pretty large boobs on her chest, most of the rest of her body seemed pretty normal. At least from Ryan's perspective since he already saw Rhodos and his brothers. Just like them, Femradiel looked almost supernaturally beautiful. Also, she was naked.

Class: -- / -- / --

Race: -- /-- /--

Rank: --

Health: 10/10

Mana: 10/10

Stamina: 10/10

Strength: 09

Dexterity: 09

Speed: 09

Intelligence: 09

Endurance: 09

Control: 09

Mentality: 09

Luck: 09

Recovery: 09

Willpower: 09

Coins: 00

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills:

Spells:

Support Skills:

Classes:

Combat:

Non-Combatant:

"It looks like you put a lot of thought in some aspects of your body and not a single one regarding others," Ryan said. "You didn't interact much with other humans either, but it looks like you already understand us quite a bit. To the point where you already share most of our insecurities."

"Are you talking about these?" Femradiel said, referring to her boobs. "They just came out naturally while I was trying to create a human body that is perfect for combat."

"Yeah, I am sure those are perfect for combat," Ryan said. "Good luck preventing some back pain and stiff shoulders Whatever, I am going to find some clothes for you."

"Is that it? Not a single compliment?" Femradiel asked.

"I thought you said you created a body for combat, not one to be praised," Ryan said. "I guess you are not a good liar, just like most of us as well."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1