Chapter 657: Mana Barrier

Chapter 657: Mana Barrier

"Why are they focusing on immobilizing the monsters?" Ryan asked when he approached.

"Because once I become strong enough, I can freeze or strangle any foe like this," Femradiel replied. "It looks like you left to help your friends, but you returned much faster than I imagined Did you come to talk about that?"

"More or less, I came to ask if with Cold Resistance at this level, can I survive outer space?" Ryan asked.

"Did you lose something there?" Femradiel frowned. "Without any protection, you can endure the effects of the lack of heat there without suffering damage only if your Cold Resistance reaches level max and Cold immunity reaches level 170. With your current skills and status, you will lose five hundred points of health per second and freeze once your health drops to zero."

"I imagined that you would know the answer, but I didn't expect that you would have such exact numbers," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"You are not the only one who likes to do research, I learned a lot of things as soon as I came to this world and researched others that I couldn't understand," Femradiel said. "Regardless, if you use certain skills, you don't have to train Cold Resistance and Cold Immunity. By using Mana Barrier, you can create a space around yourself that will grant you the chance to move even in outer space. For as long as you have mana to keep the skill active."

"Mana Barrier, huh" Ryan said and then opened the Dungeon Shop to look for it.

Mana Barrier Tome.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a barrier of mana that envelops your body cutting all contact with external sources. When suffering damage, the barrier will drain your mana to instantly repair itself.

Cost: 50 mana per second.

Price: 10.000.000 coins.

Femradiel was right. Considering the skill's effect, Ryan probably could store some oxygen inside the barrier while he moves in outer space. However, while he won't lose health, he will lose a considerable amount of mana since the barrier will protect him from the cold and damage he would receive otherwise. That was a problem, but it was necessary to reach his goals.

Ryan quickly bought the tome and then learned it. Without thinking twice, he decided to test it. Inside the barrier, Ryan didn't feel any changes in his body as he moved toward high in the sky, nor did he feel light or dizzy like he usually feels when he gets to certain heights. At some point, Ryan stopped flying, and then he noticed that he wasn't falling that was kind of scary.

Ryan looked around and felt a slight cold on his stomach as he saw the darkness of space, the atmosphere enveloping the planet, and his mana decreasing at a fearsome speed.

Congratulations! The skill Mana Barrier has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mana Barrier has leveled up.

Congratulations! The skill Mana Barrier has leveled up.

The more the skill leveled up, the less his mana was being spent. In that sense, Mana Barrier was pretty similar to Mana Shield. It becomes more efficient with each level up. When Ryan turned around to see the planet from above, he couldn't help but smirk he saw some weird objects flying around. He confirmed his assumption when he used Clairvoyance They were massive spheres of water that were transporting some Hydras.

"Got you," Ryan muttered.

It was a pity, but Ryan couldn't attack now. He had to be patient and let Mana Barrier level up as much as possible. Once he decided to attack the Hydras, he had to make sure that all of their domains would be destroyed at the same time. Otherwise, Poseidon might notice what Ryan is planning and make them return to the ocean.

"I will need to prepare a lot of INT potions for this," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "This will be a chance to train my magical classes like no other, so I had to make good use of it. A magic staff might also come in handy right it is a pity I never tried to craft one of those, but I will have plenty of time to do it."

"Well, I would recommend you to hurry up with your plans," Isis suddenly said. "I teleported the Oridecon bars and Elunium spheres to your domain, you might want to use them to do whatever you are planning."

"How did you find me up here?" Ryan asked.

"You should know that Clairvoyance can find any place and living being, finding you was easy since you left a trail of mana by keeping Mana Barrier active," Isis replied. "Regardless, we don't have time to think about that. The level of the dungeon of other dungeon masters are quickly increasing and we don't have enough manpower to prevent Poseidon causing all the dungeon breaks. We are preparing another attack on Poseidon's castle; we need to decimate his forces to gain more time again."

"At this point in time, I can't help but wonder if we aren't wasting time by doing that," Ryan said.

"I can understand this feeling, but we don't have any other choice," Isis said. "My contributor and I don't think that we can take down Poseidon without being able to manifest our bodies on Earth, so our only choice is to attack his army and also decrease the armies of other Greek gods."

"Speaking of which, when will you and your contributor have the chance to come to Earth?" Ryan asked.

"They will come in ten days, as for myself in three weeks my dungeon will reach the max level," Isis replied. "You shouldn't expect good changes, though. Once the elder gods began to manifest themselves, the environment won't become very good for humans. Poseidon doesn't have the resources yet to drown all the continents, but he will have in the near future. At the same time, most of the elder gods have similar power levels. A battle between beings like that will turn the life of the humans into something hard to describe."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1