Chapter 650: Runecaster

Chapter 650: Runecaster

"This type of skill isn't similar to anything I have seen so far," Femradiel said after reading Wolf's Greed description. "Is it another type of thing only humans can have? Regardless, considering its effects and requirements. You will need the help of someone to make the skill work effectively."

"You don't need to worry about that. I can use the skill by myself just fine," Ryan said. "I will show you the next time I find someone of Rhodos' level."

"If you say so" Femradiel said. "Since that is the case, I will focus on creating a new body."

"Another? Can you even control four of them at the same time?" Ryan asked.

"The next body will be different. It will increase my powers exponentially and so will my ability to control multiple bodies," Femradiel replied.

"I can't see how a tyrant dragon could help you with that," Ryan said.

"I won't create a tyrant body, but a human body," Femradiel said. "To succeed on that, I will need your blood."

Ryan blinked several times after hearing that Why the hell Femradiel would want a human body? While they could obtain classes and specific skills that monsters couldn't, he couldn't see how a human body was better than a Tyrant dragon.

"Are you postponing the Tyrant body again?" Ryan asked.

"I will make it after this one," Femradiel said. "With a body similar to those of humans, no one will be able to use that technique to suck my spirit out of a body. I won't become a human like you, but the system will recognize that I am part human and will give me the chance to obtain classes as well."

"Whatever, do as you see fit," Ryan said. "How much blood do you need?"

"Just a few droplets will be fine," Femradiel replied. "You may not believe me, but you already have more power than me, thanks to all the bonus of the classes. If you had the skills, you would be able to control several bodies, but since you can't create a new body and have no interest in doing that, you won't do it."

"You are correct. I have no interest in that," Ryan said.

Maybe after building a human body, Femradiel won't have to rely on Ryan for anything, and they can go follow their own paths. Ryan could help but long for the days where he could do whatever the hell he wanted, and no one would bother him. He didn't have to worry about other people's problems and opinions, and he couldn't care less about what other people think about him or his actions.

While Ryan knew that surrounding himself with completely obedient monsters wasn't good for his ego, it certainly was a lot less troublesome.

"I am sorry to disappoint you, but I will keep bothering you until the very end," Femradiel said. "After all, even dungeon masters and Greek gods have allies, so I won't be able to defeat them alone."

"I already said to stop reading my facial expression," Ryan said after a long sigh.

"You never said that," Femradiel said.

" People work together when it suits them," Ryan said.

"Why did you say that so suddenly?" Femradiel asked. "Well, I guess that does make sense. You help me, and you will be able to keep using draconic powers."

Ryan nodded after hearing that, but his expression darkened to the point where not even Femradiel could tell what he was thinking. Regardless, instead of wasting any more time talking about that, Ryan proceeded to look for another dungeon that broke. Once again, he found an army of enemies that he never saw in his country. They were the Magma Golems, and while they would suffer a lot underwater, Ryan couldn't imagine inorganic creatures drowning. Since Ryan had the advantage elemental over them, the monsters didn't last long, and the army was quickly decimated.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Runecaster, Outlaw, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Runecaster!

You obtained the following skills: Sharp Rune, Toughness Rune, and Support Rune.

Your strength and intelligence will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, health, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sharpness Rune.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a rune that can be used to increase the power of weapons. The extra damage will be based on the level of the skill.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Toughness Rune.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a rune that can be used to increase the defensive power of items. The extra defense will be based on the level of the skill.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Support Rune.

Effect: It grants you the power to create a rune that can be used to increase health, mana, and stamina of accessories. The extra bonus will be based on the level of the skill.

Cost: 500 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"Oh? As of late, I am obtaining some really interesting classes," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction.

Ryan's mood improved quite a bit after gaining that class. It looked like he could improve his equipment even without relying on materials from another world. After doing experiments, Ryan learned that he could only put one rune in each piece of equipment. That wasn't so bad because the most potent rune would always be the one active in an item. Even better, Ryan only needed mana to create runes. However, Ryan soon would come to learn that things wouldn't proceed favorably to him for long.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1