Chapter 652: War Priest

Chapter 652: War Priest

Until the next day, Ryan cleared the nearby dungeons in order to use the effect of Elven Mastery and to make it level up as well. After that, Ryan checked the situation with his Hydras. As expected, they grew a bit stronger, but it looked like they didn't succeed in the task of preventing the dungeon breaks. After using Clairvoyance, Ryan checked that eight out of the ten dungeons that had forced dungeon breaks in the previous days had another forced dungeon break.

"Either I need more Hydras, or the minions that Poseidon is using are too strong and can't be taken out that quickly," Ryan nodded to himself. "Well, this was to be expected."

While he did that once, Ryan wouldn't spend ten million coins again to power up a Hydra or more than one. So, he had to look for another method. Ryan didn't know much about the Greek gods, speaking of their personality. Still, he was pretty sure they wouldn't run and complain to Poseidon if his minions failed to make their dungeons' levels increase. Most likely, all that had a single goal of increasing the monster population and the mana level of the world. So, even if some dungeons in a single country don't break, they won't make much of a fuss.

In the end, Ryan decided to let his Hydras try to hunt the troublemakers underwater. At the same time, he will hide his skeletons in the dungeons that they were targeting. The skeletons would make sure to kill the enemies from all sides. Although their levels were low and could only cause so much damage, a few hundred of them should be enough to prevent those forced dungeon breaks for a few days.

When Ryan decided to put that plan into motion, he noticed that he wouldn't have to seal all the ten dungeons by himself. Alissa's soldiers still were guarding the first dungeon near the border, and Daniel's group split up and were guarding two dungeons. Another one was being protected by another group of survivors that came from the underground base. So, Ryan only had to seal six dungeons. Thanks to his massively powerful combo that was using Concentrated Strike, some strength buffs, and Draconic Transformation, Ryan cleared five of those dungeons in a single day and filled them with skeletons. As for the last one, Ryan had to wait for Poseidon's flood to disappear. Fortunately, not everything was bad news.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Soldier, Sentinel, and War Priest.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one War Priest!

You obtained the following skills: Magic Fist, Spirit Bomb, and Steel Body.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your health, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Magic Fists.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a magic fist that can be controlled directly by your mind. Every ten level-ups, you can summon an extra pair of fists.

Cost: 50 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spirit Bomb.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a sphere of mana that explodes upon contact causing physical and magical damage.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Steel Body.

Effect: It increases your speed and endurance by five points per level.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"I guess this will be a useful class when I need to use my fists to fight," Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Firing bolts and arrows are good and all, but they are too small, and their area of effect is equally small. I assume using Magic Fist while Draconic Transformation is active will summon some big ass fists."

Ryan decided to check that, but then he stopped when he looked at his arms after transforming. The dark lines around his body had increased before, they could only be found around his chest and back, but now they reached their elbows and his neck.

"Your friend was right your draconic transformation is changing," Femradiel said, which was weird since she rarely starts conversations as of late. "I can feel some corruption in the mana that you emanate in that form"

"Corruption?" Ryan frowned.

"Dark energy you didn't face any liches until now, but you faced some undead trents," Femradiel said. "Do you know how a lich and an undead treant are born?"

"No," Ryan replied.

"They are filled with dark energy their dark thoughts consume their minds, and that affects their whole body," Femradiel explained. "In their case, the fear of death is what makes them turn. Thus, they become undead creatures and become an existence that can't age."

"I can't say that I don't fear death, but I don't seek immortality," Ryan frowned. "I don't feel like turning into an undead either."

"I was just giving you an example," Femradiel said. "You heard about cursed dragons from Orgar, didn't you? If you let your dark thoughts take over your mind, you will become one."

While that was a problem, Ryan couldn't help but sigh. How could he not have dark thoughts when he has to deal with so many problems at the same time? All his anger and wish for power weren't helping Ryan. It would be different if those dark marks made him stronger, but since that was the case, he had to cool down his head and forget about certain things that most likely were bothering him. The only way for Ryan to forget those problems was by doing things that he liked to do, and that was to hunt monsters without being bothered by anyone.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1