Chapter 654: Question

Chapter 654: Question

Although it has been a while since Ryan saw any woman naked, he didn't feel or think anything when he saw Femradiel in her human body. Even though she probably tried to look as appealing as possible for some odd reason. From Ryan's perspective, that kind of behavior didn't fit the usual smart-ass attitude that Femradiel has. Fortunately, Ryan knew that he wasn't sick or anything. It was a question of mindset since he occasionally could notice the dragon slayer standing randomly, as it should.

"When was the last time I called it 'dragon slayer?" Ryan thought and then facepalmed. "I guess I stopped after I started going out with Mia let's erase both of those thoughts from my mind to avoid some misunderstandings."

It didn't take long for Ryan to find an abandoned clothes store in a nearby semi-destroyed city. So, he just took whatever women's clothes he found. When he returned, he saw Femradiel at the same place he had left her.

"When are you planning to obtain some power? Are you expecting an invitation?" Ryan asked.

"I can't use the monster's system in this form, nor the mana that you are obtaining as well," Femradiel said. "Therefore, I can't do anything to strengthen this body. You will have to help me with that."

Ryan facepalmed Femradiel still could use the monster's system, but it looked like Ryan was the only one who could benefit from that. While he could teach her using the Teach class the skills he might learn while she uses the monster's system, that was another path Ryan didn't want to follow. It was weird to keep that mindset considering that Ryan also didn't want to use Draconic Transformation and now was using it all the time, though.

"I have better things to do with my time, so don't expect me to sit around and spend the rest of the year with you teaching skills non-stop," Ryan said.

"You can rest assured that once I have a solid foundation, everything will go as smoothly as possible," Femradiel said after she chose some Gym clothes to wear.

Ryan decided to look at Femradiel indirectly and directly as possible. From a direct perspective, gym clothes were probably the best types of clothes one could wear with armor since they were light and wouldn't get in the way while moving. But from an indirect perspective, it looked like she still wanted to look appealing. That behavior still was odd since she sounded too emo in the last few days.

"Wear this as well," Ryan said and then tossed to Femradiel some pieces of armor. "I don't know what people will think when they see someone like you wearing that kind of clothing inside my domain."

"Nice excuse. Why don't you just say that you feel embarrassed while looking?" Femradiel asked.

"It looks like human hormones are already making the wrong parts of your body think for you," Ryan shook his head. "And here I thought only men were able to do that. If you continue like this, you will learn the bitch's lust much faster than I learned Wolf's Greed."

"Let's not insult each other," Femradiel said as she equipped the pieces of armor. "I already knew that you were a boring guy, but it looks like your dullness increases by the day at lightning speed."

After a while, Ryan added Femradiel to his list of students and then quickly made her learn several skills and spells. He had a lot of mana, so he could demonstrate several skills, and the class did the rest. While Femradiel could learn many more skills and master most of them with a certain level of training, she still decided to focus on ice magic. Adding all that to her instincts and experience that she already had fought, she quickly cleared three dungeons and obtained her first classes.  Ryan accompanied her to avoid some surprises. After all, her presence didn't change. It only grew weaker. She couldn't be captured again, but all caution was necessary.

"This should be enough for the time being," Femradiel said. "I am going to train a while inside the domain and help in the fight since your skeletons and golems are decreasing in numbers pretty fast."

Even though it was Femradiel, Ryan doubted that she would be able to do much with that body. Regardless, Ryan said that he didn't have all the time in the world to make her stronger, and he means it. It was time to put the plan to bring down Poseidon in motion. While Ryan knew that he didn't have the power to defeat him in a one-on-one fight, his plan wasn't something that would end in a few days.

Skeleton Archer - Lv 75

Health: 970/970

Mana: 1.600/1.600

Stamina: 1.500/1.500

Strength: 260

Dexterity: 1300

Speed: 250

Intelligence: 330

Endurance: 150

Control: 500

Mentality: 550

Luck: 700

Recovery: 400

Willpower: 550

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Power Shot Lv 80

Passive Physical Skills: Eagle Eyes Lv 70, Art of Sniping Lv 70, Concentration Lv 80, Accuracy Lv 80

Spells: Flame Arrow Lv 65, Frozen Arrow Lv 65,

Support Skills: Nocturnal Eyes Lv 70

"It is not enough, but since it will take time to put everything into motion, I will have to use them at this level," Ryan said after using Appraisal on his skeletons.

After using the Dungeon Shop, Ryan began to look for some summoning skills. In the end, he actually found the right skill that he needed, but he couldn't help but frown while looking at it.

Summon Red Falcon Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a Red Falcon.

Cost: 10.000 mana

Price: 30.000.000 coins

"I already knew that organic monsters could be summoned, but to think that summoning a creature this big and complex would cost only ten thousand points of mana," Ryan frowned. "Come to think of it, am I summoning it or creating this monster?"

Either way, the answer would be weird. If it was summoning, why would creatures from another world, most likely, obey Ryan's summoning. If it was created, how come can a single human create a living being that complex out of nothing?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1