Chapter 669: Support Archer

Chapter 669: Support Archer

It would be a pity to ignore so many dungeons when Femradiel could obtain classes from nearly all of them. So, Ryan hunted and cleared the dungeons that he already had cleared to strengthen her. While he wasn't growing that much stronger while hunting small groups of enemies, thanks to Femradiel, Ryan noticed something important.

"Your Alchemist and Blacksmith class are almost the level max," Femradiel said. "Shouldn't you work on them since you already have another at the max level?"

Thanks to the fight and the preparations for the fight against Poseidon, Ryan leveled up those classes quite a bit, but he forgot about them after it. Still, was it a good idea to sacrifice the Magic Archer class alongside Blacksmith and Alchemist class?

"Oh, well I can't see any other classes that are close to reaching the max level, so I guess I will do it," Ryan shrugged.

Leveling up the alchemist class was easy. Ryan just had to use the essences that he obtained by defeating monsters and make potions. The Blacksmith class caused some headaches for Ryan. Still, in the end, he succeeded in making that class reach the max level after creating another massive spear, using ice, titanium, and his own blood.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Alchemist, Magic Archer, and Blacksmith? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Support Archer. You learned the skills: Health Arrow, Support Mana Arrow, and Stamina Arrow. Your dexterity and stamina have increased and will increase by twelve points whenever this class level up. Your health, mana, speed, and control have increased and will increase by six points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Health Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that can recover the health of the target. The amount of health restored will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Support Mana Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that can recover the mana of the target. The amount of mana restored will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Stamina Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that can recover the stamina of the target. The amount of stamina restored will be equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

"Support Archer? What the fuck?" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows in annoyance.

"Awesome, now you can help me train. I am starting to have problems with the amount of mana and stamina I can use, after all," Femradiel said.

Despite her words, Femradiel was having a hard time preventing herself from laughing. It was evident that such a class didn't fit Ryan in any way. Instead of offering support, he would rather receive support from others, mainly from monsters that could form a shield to protect him.

Regardless, Ryan didn't gain any offensive skill, but the class itself wasn't so bad. It was a tier six class, after all. After doing some tests by using Support Mana Arrow, Ryan confirmed that Femradiel could already clear a tier two dungeon by herself even though the monsters were at level eight hundred.

"Ah this is it this is it! This feeling is awesome," Femradiel said. "Having a human body and the mana pool of a dragon is awesome."

Femradiel looked pretty excited when Ryan decided to offer her some support perhaps too excited. After confirming his suspicions, Ryan decided to stop. Nothing good would come by letting Femradiel get carried away. After making a mental note not to mix up several types of classes to be sacrificed again, Ryan looked for the next dungeon, already knowing that he probably would mess up again. He was that curious, and he couldn't wait to have other classes to sacrifice. Waiting for the special classes was always thrilling, after all.

While moving around the country, making use of Elven Mastery, and helping Femradiel to obtain more classes, Ryan confirmed that the ocean's level didn't increase, and not a single dungeon break happened. That made Ryan confirm that he will have a few weeks of peace However, the only peace he knew was the one where he had the chance to prepare for the next difficult fight.

"Hello again, Ryan," Isis suddenly said. "I have some bad news and some good news."

Even before Ryan could find a dungeon that he hadn't cleared yet, someone decided to bother him. While Isis was more or less an ally, it didn't change the fact that she was getting in the way of his preparations at such a moment.

"I am used to hearing only bad news," Ryan said. "So, you don't need to beat around the bush."

"My contributors want to meet you, but to do so, you will have to come to my world, where no other elder god will be able to spy on our talk," Isis said.

"Why? What am I going to gain by meeting them now of all times?" Ryan asked. "They looked down on me until now, but they changed their minds after I defeated Poseidon? Come to think of it, you never said that you had more than one contributor."

"You are correct, the reason being is the fact that there are too few people who share my way of thinking. I only had one contributor until yesterday, but another one joined the group," Isis explained. "You are correct again; they changed their minds about you when you defeated Poseidon. As for what you might gain by meeting them I can't say for sure. While they are not bad elder gods, they still are pretty proud of themselves. From their perspective, I assume that letting you meet them is already a reward in itself."

"Oh, is that so?" Ryan asked. "Then, I am going to pass. I will grant them the honor of not meeting me. I have heard that I am not a good guest."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1