Chapter 665: Poseidon'S Trident

Chapter 665: Poseidon's Trident

Without worrying about Lunar Arrows, Poseidon didn't have to fear Ryan, so he charged toward him like a madman. Ryan punched his foe while he was bombarding him with arrows, but he still could feel the effects of Vital Hunter. His punch broke when he hit Poseidon, but Vampirism healed since Ryan caused quite a lot of damage as well.

While pushing Ryan's body backward, Poseidon made his back hit and destroyed several of the ice walls of the castle. The damage was slowly pilling up, and it looked like Poseidon wanted to finish things before Ryan could have any other chance by relying on the debuffs that his attacks were causing.

It was time for a change of plans. Fortunately, the recent events gave Ryan a good idea of what to do. Ryan began to fire dozens of Sapphire Arrows alongside Spiritual Swords and bolts fired by the Spiritualist's Crossbow. Poseidon was focusing on attacking and didn't have the chance to stop them, and that had been another mistake his mana began to decrease at a fearsome pace. Poseidon opened his eyes widely due to the shock. He probably had a mana pool much larger than Ryan's, but he didn't have potions to use, so Ryan was going to win that attrition war.

Instead of pushing backward, Poseidon mustered all his strength to kick Ryan in the distance. Before he could recover it, Ryan saw Poseidon returning to the blue crystal and healing himself again, as well as acquiring some potions.

"Things might take forever at this rate," Femradiel said.

"Thank you for always saying the obvious, Femradiel," Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan took a deep breath and then used all his mana to strengthen his already active buffs. Thanks to Femradiel, Ryan recovered some mana and then used Ice Breath. After that, he dashed toward Poseidon. Everything in front of him froze until a massive spear of ice was created and collided against Poseidon. The Greek god tried to attack the projectile, but he was pushed backward the same way he did to Ryan in the end. The arrow didn't last for long, but Ryan was there to headbutt Poseidon when it broke.

The impact of the attack made Poseidon spin uncontrollably underwater until he disappeared in the distance. Ryan took a few seconds to mend the parts of his skull that were just cracked, and then he followed Poseidon. Only to find him dozens of kilometers away and out of the sea.

After hitting against a volcano, Poseidon stopped. Ryan's attack made him break one leg and one arm, but that wasn't enough to stop him. Ryan could tell by the glint inside Poseidon's eyes.

"You dirty worm! I will make you pay for all of this!" Poseidon shouted.

"Those words don't scare me in the least," Ryan said, and he flew toward Poseidon. "Come on, you can do better than that."

Poseidon got even more enraged and flew toward Ryan as well. He flew so fast that he didn't have time to dodge when Ryan used Teleport, and then dozens of Sapphire arrows hit him. They barely caused any damage, but Poseidon's mana pool was decreasing by the minute. Once again, Poseidon tried to escape to his castle and to the blue crystal

"This is getting old" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Ah I can use that to lure him."

Poseidon's Trident

Effect: It grants you a bonus of five hundred percent when using all types of water-based skills. It decreases your mana consumption when using all types of water-based attacks by eighty percent.

Intelligence + 5.000, Strength + 5.000, Speed + 5.000, Dexterity + 5.000 Willpower + 5.000, Recovery + 5.000

(Only the god of the seas can use this weapon to its utmost limits.)

Durability:  10.000/ 10.000

Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at the weapon. The part in parenthesis was what surprised him the most, and that explained why he couldn't feel more powerful while holding the weapon. Regardless, it would work to fool Poseidon. Ryan already could tell that he stopped moving when he felt his weapon's presence.

Ryan began to fly toward Poseidon again to gain momentum. Even without the status bonuses, Ryan could use the weapon's durability to cause some damage. Poseidon couldn't help but grim when he saw Ryan entering the ocean. Recovering his weapon there will be much easier, after all. So, Poseidon flew toward him again. He already could imagine for how long he would torture Ryan for that humiliation

In the end, Ryan was foolish enough to attack using the trident as a weapon. Using both of his hands, Poseidon grabbed the weapon and stopped Ryan's momentum. However, Poseidon didn't feel his power coming back, even though he was touching the weapon. In the end, the weapon broke, and Ryan disappeared It was an identical copy made of ice. The real trident was hidden inside Ryan's closed hand. The surprise dumbfounded Poseidon since he couldn't understand what happened. In the end, they got hit by the copies of Hydra's bow that Ryan kept moving behind him.

Somehow, Ryan used all his mana to enchant the arrows with electricity while he was flying toward Poseidon. The very moment Poseidon was hit by them, he was electrocuted by a massive amount of energy. He was so blind by the chance of recovering his weapon that he never noticed it.

Fifteen arrows electrocuted Poseidon for quite a while, but not even that was enough to stop him. While the massive arrows were shocking Poseidon, Ryan summoned his Spiritualist's Spear and then pierced them in Poseidon's body. Ryan's mana recovered at a fearsome speed and proceeded to summon his Hydra's bow once again. It was quite weird to use Poseidon's mana to fire even more massive arrows charged with electricity.

At first, Poseidon was caught off-guard, but eventually, he got used to the effects and tried to heal himself. He tried but failed since Ryan stole all of his mana.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1