Chapter 666: Sea Lord

Chapter 666: Sea Lord

Poseidon fell unconscious, but his vitality was so impressive that Ryan was having a hard time finishing him off, even in his draconic form. Femradiel was right, humans couldn't cause much damage to the elder gods, but they could suffer a lot from attacks of others while Ryan was thinking of a way to kill him once and for all, Ryan wondered: why kill him?

Ryan decided to use Poseidon's spirit to create a magic weapon. Just like he refused to die, Poseidon resisted becoming a weapon, but Ryan insisted, and eventually, he succeeded.

Vengeful Sea (Mythological) (Cursed)

Effect: A weapon forged using the spirit of an elder god. Due to the power of the spirit used, the weapon is cursed, and its owner will have to endure the voice of the fallen elder god while holding the weapon. When using this weapon, you can control all the water in the surroundings and turn them into bolts. When using the Crossbow, you can cause ten percent more damage against elder gods.

Dexterity + 1000, Intelligence + 1000, Recovery + 1000

Durability: 500/500

"You worm how dare you! HOW DARE YOU!" Poseidon shouted.

Ryan frowned and couldn't help but show a surprised expression when he saw a talking crossbow. In any case, the effects were quite interesting. Extra damage against elder gods Ryan didn't want to face another troublesome foe like Poseidon, but that wasn't obviously an option.

"You will regret this! I will free myself from this place, and then I will torment you for all eternity!" Poseidon said.

"Now, this is more like it," Ryan said. "You can be quite scary with words alone if you try hard enough. Regardless, I don't need to hear more people talking inside my head."

Ryan stored the Crossbow inside his spatial storage and after that. He received some crazy notifications.

You obtained 156.365.688 coins.

Congratulations! For killing Poseidon, you have become a Level one Sea Lord!

You obtained the following skills: Aquatic Support, Aquatic Aura, and Cold Absorption.

All of your status has increased and will increase by one hundred points once this class levels up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Aquatic Support.

Effect: It grants a bonus of recovery while fighting underwater. The bonus will be equal to ten percent multiplied by the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Aquatic Aura.

Effect: It grants a bonus in attack when using water-based attacks and when suffering damage by water-based attacks. The bonus will be equal to ten percent multiplied by the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cold Absorption.

Effect: It decreased the power of water-based attacks by one hundred points per level. When you succeed in canceling the total damage of the attack, you will be able to absorb it and then restore your health, mana, and stamina. The amount absorbed will be a percentage equal to the level of the skill.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You obtained and absorbed Triton's blood.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Celestial Spearmanship.

Effect: it increases your damage when using spears and similar weapons by ten percent per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cold Immunity.

Since you already have this skill, the skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Underwater Breathing.

Effect: It grants you the power to breathe underwater and freely move even in the deepest oceans.

You obtained 01 status points.

"What the a class now?" Ryan frowned. "Why did I obtain a new type of monster blood and didn't even have the chance to decide if I would use it or not?"

"That is what are you worried about?" Femradiel asked. "You just turned an elder god into a weapon and then obtained 150 million coins. You should celebrate instead of asking such things!"

"When did you become so carefree?" Ryan asked. "Anyway Sea Lord I defeated the god of the seas, so why not sea god? Is it because I didn't kill Poseidon, per se? Regardless, now that he isn't an enemy that we need to worry about, you can forget about your captivity days."

"Those days don't bother me in the slightest, but I accept the feelings," Femradiel said.

"I apologize for interrupting you two, but my contributor mentioned that Poseidon's presence disappeared, and I came to check," Isis suddenly said. "It looks like you defeated him to be honest, I am having a hard time believing in it."

"You came at a good time. I want to ask some questions," Ryan said. "Is there any reason why my attacks caused so little damage, while Lunar Arrow caused a lot more?"

"You noticed that, huh," Isis replied. "The reason is simple: it is because Poseidon has a divine factor in his body. To cause any real damage to him, you can't rely on normal means. As for the Lunar Arrow, it is a skill that has a high level of divinity. I assume that you are impressed because many factors worked together when you used it, but that is the gist of things. Still, you can't relax yet. You need to stay low for a while because now you are the number one enemy of Olympian gods."

"Speaking of staying low, this place is surprisingly quiet," Ryan said. "I thought Poseidon would have more allies or relatives in a place like this."

"Poseidon wasn't someone stupid enough to connect Earth directly to his home," Isis explained. "You decimated some of his allies and minions, but you will have to cross a thick barrier created by the Greek gods to find those who are most precious to them."

Ryan didn't have any reason for that. He only mentioned it for curiosity's sake. Regardless, now that he was relaxing, he couldn't help but wonder how come he won against Poseidon. He had a lot of luck, and Poseidon underestimated him more than a few times the others won't make the same mistake.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1