Chapter 662: Pissed

Chapter 662: Pissed

When Ryan opened his eyes again, he found himself deep in the ocean. No he was at the bottom of the sea, but there was no water nearby. His fall made all the nearby water spread around in all directions. It was no wonder, given that he lost consciousness while falling and when a body of that size Regardless, he escaped the pain that he was supposed to feel upon impact, but his body was completely messed up. His limbs were broken and bent in the wrong directions.

"You almost died," Femradiel said. "You can thank me for healing you while you were falling, and you can thank Frost Armor. Since I was the one who gave you Frost Armor, you should thank me twice."

"I don't feel healed at all," Ryan said and then looked upward.

Ryan couldn't help but frown while looking at the sky. He was pretty sure that five minutes ago, he was fighting in a cloudless area. Still, now he could see above him some dark clouds and tornadoes that were firing dozens of lightning bolts at every second. His power-up made him cause that no, his attack against Poseidon's charge caused that.

"It can't be helped," Femradiel said. "You sustained a lot of damage while you were falling. I tried to counter it, but things only got worse when you hit this place. Besides, I used all my mana to make Frost Armor and Ice Breath reach level one hundred."

"Where is Poseidon?" Ryan asked.

"I don't know. I didn't see him until now," Femradiel replied. "If my guess is right, he was sent flying in the opposite direction."

Ryan wished that Poseidon was in outer space, freezing to death while being unable to stop his body from moving, but he knew that his luck wasn't that good. After leaving the ocean since the waters were returning to their natural places, Ryan proceeded to create potions as fast as he could. He obtained a lot of essences when he destroyed Poseidon's castle, after all. While he was doing that, Ryan also looked for Poseidon by using Clairvoyance, but he didn't find anything close to Earth. Besides, it was kind of hard to find anything, even more so a being who had the size of a human in the emptiness of space.

"I don't like this," Ryan said.

"Me neither, even if he didn't die from the attack, you were supposed to receive a notification if he died afterward," Femradiel said.

"You sure look calm talking about Poseidon, even though you don't want to talk about your captive days," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"I am not the type who mops around after having a few bad days," Femradiel said.

Ryan sighed after hearing that. It looked like maybe Femradiel had other reasons to keep quiet about it. In any case, it was time to focus on Poseidon. It would be easy to find him if Ryan could feel the traces of mana, but he wasn't that good at sensing and controlling mana without some help. So, he couldn't do anything aside from looking at him with his eyes and Clairvoyance.

"Ah, shit it looks like you pissed him off quite a bit," Isis suddenly said.

It was weird to hear Isis talking like that, but that made Ryan realize that his fears were correct. Poseidon was alive, and he was plotting something. Fortunately, Isis could find him.

"Where is Poseidon?" Ryan asked.

"Beyond the limits of your current Teleport, that is all I can say since it is difficult to say about someone else's location in outer space," Isis replied. "He is a few thousands of kilometers away from the moon, preparing an attack that will probably decimate all human life on Earth."

"What?" Ryan frowned.

The words "a few thousand kilometers away from the moon" made Ryan frown, but what he heard after surprised him even more. As expected, elder gods could also prepare charged attacks, and they were probably better than Ryan at it. So, if Poseidon uses a technique like the one Ryan just used it.

"Which direction is he exactly in?" Ryan asked.

"Turn your head eleven degrees upward and six to the left side," Isis replied. "You won't find him with your eyes alone, but you can do it with Clairvoyance."

For some reason, Ryan succeeded in following those instructions precisely. Then he found some traces of crystallized blood. After that, finding Poseidon had been easy not because of his presence but because he was creating a massive Ice Spear. His trident was nowhere to be seen, but Ryan was betting that the weapon was inside the Ice Spear. That would increase the power behind Poseidon's attack even more currently, the spear was already ten kilometers long.

"Hey I can't stop something like that," Ryan said. "I will need a hand here."

"Unfortunately, none of us can help you right now," Isis said. "I am going to warn my people and try to alert your friends to hide in other worlds. This will take a while, so I won't return to help you in any way. I am sorry."

Ryan couldn't blame Isis for deciding that. He was asking for help now. Still, when he attacked or when he was planning the attack, he didn't think of asking for anyone's cooperation. Without any other choice, Ryan activated Power of Money and damaged the spear. At such a point, worrying about his pride was the least of his concerns.

Even from so far away, Ryan noticed that Power of Money was working thanks to Clairvoyance. Still, in the end, despite the usefulness of the skill, he couldn't decrease the size of the weapon faster than Poseidon could increase it.

Regardless, slowing down Poseidon wasn't so bad. As long as he makes another projectile to stop the Ice Spear Ryan cut his arm a little bit and then controlled the blood to mix with the Ice Spear he was creating. At the same time, he also created and added titanium. It was a pity that he couldn't add fire and wind to that projectile because he would need all the skills he could use to increase the speed of the creation of his attack.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1