Chapter 664: Death Knight

Chapter 664: Death Knight

Poseidon was shocked How come Ryan managed to surprise him? Even Ryan was surprised. He caused too much damage, he only fired a few dozen Lunar Arrows, and now Poseidon's back was covered in blood.

"This is weird I was using DEX and INT potions while I was running away, but" Ryan frowned. "Didn't I just cause too much damage?"

"Yes I don't know if the closer you are to the moon, the more damage you can cause, but the fact that you can see the entire moon from outer space probably is playing a major role here," Femradiel replied. "Still, even if that were to increase the power of your attacks by ten times, you shouldn't be able to cause so much damage to him. Unless"

"Unless?" Ryan asked.

"Unless elder gods are weaker against the attacks of other elder gods," Femradiel replied. "Isis said that you had a fraction of the power of the elder gods, and she was talking about Lunar Arrow."

That made sense, even more so when Ryan used Lunar Arrows again, and Poseidon teleported back to Earth for the first time. Poseidon was running away from the fight. Ryan felt like laughing, but he didn't do it since he did that plenty of times. Regardless, by using Perfect Aim, Deadly Aim, and Clairvoyance, it was impossible for Poseidon to escape from his Lunar Arrows. So, Ryan kept firing it while Poseidon was teleporting back to his castle.

Although they were supposed to be made of light, the Lunar Arrows needed two seconds to fly from the moon to Earth. They were supposed to be twice as fast, but Ryan didn't complain since Poseidon still got hit many times.

"He is escaping. What are you going to do?" Femradiel asked.

"He is going to a place where I can't hit him with Lunar Arrow, probably," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully while he was using some potions. "He is heading to his world. While it would be a pity to let things end here, I wonder if it is wise to follow him. There is no telling if I will find some of his allies there."

Ryan tried to convince himself that having Poseidon's trident was already good enough. It would be disastrous if Ryan were to chase him and find other Greek gods on the other side. Still, then again someone as cautious as Poseidon will never expose himself again. In the end, Ryan decided to finish what he had started.

Thanks to the fact that Ryan came prepared, he reached Poseidon's castle even before him. Probably because Poseidon was using all his mana to tend his wounds. Ryan bombarded him with Ruby Arrows, and weirdly enough. All of them hit Poseidon he was saving his mana to get close enough to the castle and then Teleport to the crystal Ryan only noticed that when it was already too late.

"It is all or nothing" Ryan said.

Ryan proceeded to the Hydras' dungeon and then confirmed that his preemptive strike killed everything in the area. Some new monsters appeared while he was fighting Poseidon, but they pose Ryan no threat to Ryan in the end. Naturally, Ryan obtained a new class before using the purple crystal.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Death Knight, Poison Archer, and Caster.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Death Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Sentence, Bloody Sword, and Spiritual Sword.

Your strength and health will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, endurance, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Sentence.

Effect: When killing a foe, you have a small chance of absorbing their spirit and increasing your attributes by one point. As the level of skill increases, the chances of that happening will increase as well.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Bloody Sword.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a sword that will cause direct damage to your opponent's health. The same amount of damage caused will be transferred to you as healing. The damage of the skill is fixed, fifty points per level.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Spiritual Sword.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a sword that will cause direct damage to your opponent's mana. The same amount of damage caused will be transferred to you as mana. The damage of the skill is fixed, fifty points per level.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

"This class is much better than I thought" Ryan muttered. "No wonder I didn't find many chances to obtain it."

Without wasting any more time, Ryan touched the crystal and then appeared in Poseidon's world. The place wasn't much different from Earth. At least underwater, Ryan naturally appeared in an underwater place. It was time to chase Poseidon again, and that would be a problem until Ryan recalled that he had the Search skill he could have used that to find Poseidon early. That was the price of having so many skills and only focusing on the ones who help him firing more arrows and bolts.

Regardless, Ryan quickly found Poseidon in another castle. It was an identical copy of the one he found before. Some monsters appeared on his path to slow him down, but Ryan ignored them and quickly teleported to where Poseidon was. Inside a throne room made of ice, Ryan found Poseidon touching a blue crystal and steadily healing himself. Ryan bombarded him with copies of his immobilizing Crossbow. While Vital Hunter was active It was finally time for the final round of that battle, and for Ryan, it was do or die.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1