Chapter 660: Poseidon'S Rage

Chapter 660: Poseidon's rage

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

"I never learn" Ryan muttered and then sighed.

While he could use Absolute Appraisal, it was useless on dungeon masters who had certain defensive skills at a higher level than his skill. Nevertheless, Ryan didn't have time to think about that. Poseidon pointed his trident toward Ryan, and in an instant, he was enveloped by a massive sphere of water. His body grew heavier it was the same thing that Rhodos used on him. Fortunately, Ryan didn't grow that much impatient.

Poseidon disappeared from Ryan's sight, and then he used Teleport to move away. Thanks to that, Ryan saw the very moment the massive sphere of water became a spear just by the swing of Poseidon's weapon that had teleported to his back. But, again, Ryan didn't feel mana being used that was the power of his brute strength alone.

Congratulations! The skill Fear Resistance has leveled up. You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Fear Resistance has leveled up. You obtained 01 status points.

"Shut up" Ryan muttered.

It was too risky to deactivate Mana Barrier, but Ryan did that. Poseidon seemed like a warrior in his prime, and he definitely was stronger than anything Ryan had faced so far. Still, his true power comes from his caution. He only revealed himself now because it would be an embarrassment to leave the man who destroyed his castle and killed so many of his minions alone. When Ryan thought that, he realized that Rhodos and his brothers were nowhere to be seen Most likely, his attack killed everyone inside the castle, with the exception of Poseidon.

Poseidon made his trident spear for a moment, and then the massive sphere of water turned into one heck of an Ice Spear. After that, it began to spin. Ryan immediately teleported back to outer space since it wouldn't be weird if Poseidon could use Perfect Aim.

The projectile was fired and lost some power as it left the atmosphere. Despite that, Ryan almost didn't have time to see it. He bombarded the projectiles with magic bows and then tried to stop the spear with his hands. He succeeded at first, but then he felt something kicking his back Ryan collided against the spear, but his body was stronger and made the weapon break as he was sent flying back to Earth.

Before Ryan could even hit the ground, Poseidon teleported and punched him two other times. He just wasn't insanely strong; he was insanely fast as well. Ryan didn't know if Poseidon messed up or not, but he didn't fall into the ocean in the end. Instead, his back collided against a mountain in the southern part of Argentina. He escaped the ocean, but the pain almost made him wish that he had fallen there, not that it would change anything given how much high he fell.

Ryan thought the fall would kill him. He didn't even have time to react since the shock from the first attack numbed his senses. But, no, it hadn't been the attack alone Poseidon used some skills in order to prevent Ryan from moving. Finally, however, Ryan had time to use Full-Heal.

Ryan saw Poseidon flying at supersonic speed and then pointing his trident toward his head. Still, Ryan stopped him by using Ice Breath. His attack became powerful enough to freeze even the water in the air, and the ice slowed down Poseidon. When Poseidon reached the mountain, Ryan was no longer there. Instead, he was several kilometers above.

"He is too fast adding that to his strength, he can be deadly just by relying on momentum," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and then muttered. "I have to decrease his speed."

Hopefully, Ryan won't waste time by doing that. There were some ways to counter debuffs like the ones that decrease status. Gustavo fooled Ryan once, so he had to make sure that the same thing won't happen.

Ryan summoned his magic bows again and fired after activating Perfect Shot at the very moment Poseidon looked at him. He used Teleport again and appeared behind Ryan, he sure liked to do that, but he had an unpleasant surprise Ryan's spear was right there waiting for him.

Thanks to his power-up, Ryan's spear was spinning so fast that even when Poseidon hit the weapon with his trident, he only made it move away for a couple of meters. Before he could think of something to do with the weapon, Ryan's bolts flew toward him. Poseidon realized that Ryan used Perfect Aim, so teleporting to far away would only increase their numbers, which would be a problem later. Poseidon pointed his left arm toward them, and the bolts simply disappeared.

"What the hell" Ryan frowned.

"He used Magic Disrupt," Femradiel said. "He made the projectiles disappear by using the same amount of mana they had."

That sure was a troublesome skill, but Ryan already expected at least that much from a Greek god. Once he got rid of the bolts, Poseidon swung his trident widely and sent Ryan's spear flying in the distance. After that, he pointed his trident upward, but Ryan didn't see anything happened. However, after a while, he felt his body being bombarded by small spheres of ice. Poseidon created thousands of water droplets and then froze them, giving them a pointy shape and making them fall all over Ryan. Each one of them, despite their size, was damaging Ryan's body while ignoring his scales.

In the end, Ryan countered the attack but using Frost Armor. Femradiel used all the mana he had obtained in the last few days, so he might as well use the skill. As expected, Poseidon's attack didn't penetrate the armor all that much. Ryan's mana was being sucked at a slow pace to recover the damaged Frost Armor, but it wasn't a troublesome peace.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1