Chapter 663: Where Is It?

Chapter 663: Where is it?

Upon noticing that Ryan wouldn't let him increase the size of the spear any longer, Poseidon fired his Ice Spear. Ryan couldn't help but feel shivers since he barely had time to create his own projectile. Fortunately, in outer space, even when one uses magic, increasing the speed of certain projectiles takes time. Even more so considering a spear of that size.

Ryan kept using Power of Money to decrease the size of the spear. Still, Ryan wasn't slowing the projectile, and considering its speed, Ryan's actions won't make any difference. Still, he didn't give up and focused on the task ahead.

As the spear grew closer to Earth, Ryan fired his own. It was ten times smaller but was what Ryan could do. After firing his projectile, Ryan activated all the buffs he could think of and then dashed toward the direction the projectiles were going to collide.

When Poseidon's attack began to cross the planet's atmosphere, Ryan's arrow hit it. However, the pieces of the arrow didn't fly in all directions. They moved and glued on Poseidon's spear. Before Ryan could try to stop the spear with his own body, he used all his elemental manipulations and Telekinesis to slow down the projectile. Still, at the end, when Ryan collided against the projectile, he barely noticed any difference. Still, in the end, his attack was completely shattered.

Ryan almost lost consciousness while he was being pushed back by the massive spear, but Femradiel used Full-Heal to help. Ryan also could see that she was using magic to help, but Ryan was fast pushed down to Earth in the end.

Ryan failed at slowing down the spear, but he succeeded at attacking its sides by using magic copies of his Spiritualist's Crossbow. Some cracks appeared on the spear, but the spear still made Ryan collide his back against the ocean, and he still was pushed downward further.

While his bones and scales were being destroyed, Ryan considered abandoning that task, but he didn't stop, even though he was probably going to be crushed by the spear once he reached the bottom of the ocean.

Once again, the fight between Ryan and Poseidon caused several tsunamis. It was no wonder, given the size of that spear. However, before Ryan could be crushed by the massive spear, the weapon broke into two pieces. The cracks caused by his bolts, Telekinesis, and the remaining of his arrow helped that.

"Femradiel hid the trident with Spatial Manipulation!" Ryan said.

Soon after saying that, the broken spear of ice made Ryan's back hit the bottom of the ocean. Ryan tried to resist as much as possible, even by using Full-Heal alongside Fast Conjuration. Still, in the end he fell unconscious once again

Ryan woke up when he felt his head being crushed by something when he opened his eyes. He saw Poseidon punching his face that was weird. He should be stronger than that.

"Where is my trident?" Poseidon asked.

"Go to hell," Ryan said and then summoned his magic bows.

Ryan attacked, even though he couldn't feel a single part of his body and his head was killing him. However, Poseidon stopped the bolts without moving a single finger. He just used Telekinesis to stop dozens of those bolts fired at point-blank range that was some crazy level of Telekinesis.

Poseidon proceeded to punch Ryan once again and thanks to it, Ryan heard and felt his skull slowly cracking. Poseidon was holding back because if Ryan dies, his trident will be gone forever, but it looked like Poseidon wasn't thinking things through all that much. Ryan was about to die, after all.

It was weird. Ryan was no longer at the bottom of the ocean, nor could he see the ice spear that almost took his life and destroyed Earth. It looked like while he was unconscious, Poseidon took him out from the ocean since he couldn't drown there. Unfortunately, Femradiel couldn't do anything to help.

Ryan saw his health reaching some dangerous levels, and then he changed his strategy. Instead of using bolts that will weaken Poseidon, he used other ones. Poseidon got caught off-guard when Ryan summoned several copies of his Revenge Crossbow, and the bolts scratched his body he failed at stopping them. His Telekinesis wasn't enough.

Ryan used that brief moment of surprise and then used Blood Manipulation to attack Poseidon. A dragon-size fist made of blood made Poseidon fly, and Ryan used that chance to heal himself. While his health quickly was full again, his body and bones were getting mended too slowly.

That was a pain in the ass, but at least that pissed Ryan off to the point where he decided to go all out without caring if he would feel satisfied or not afterward. Using Power of Money, Ryan attacked Poseidon's pretty face. The Greek god frowned when he noticed that he was being attacked by something that he couldn't understand, but that had been a mistake. Countless Ruby Arrows appeared close to him and then hit his body, causing direct damage and sealing a good part of his health. When Poseidon noticed that things might become messy if he takes his time-fighting Ryan, he made up his mind to kill the human before him but Ryan was nowhere to be seen.

Poseidon felt Ryan's presence high in the sky and then began to chase after him. Ryan escaped whenever Poseidon got too close by using Teleport he needed to buy some time in order for his body to heal properly and for another reason.

Soon Poseidon began to use Teleport to block Ryan's path, but Ryan wasn't caught off guard. Instead of flying in a straight line and teleporting to obvious places, Ryan teleported to outer space and then smirked when he found it.

"I am so dumb" Ryan shrugged and then said. "Why didn't I think of that before? Probably because the situation got the better of me."

Poseidon teleported and blocked his path once again, but in the end, that worked pretty well for Ryan's plan. Before he could do anything, Poseidon was bombarded by arrows, and he didn't even notice the attack.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1