Chapter 668: Aliens?

Chapter 668: Aliens?

Weapon Assimilation Tome

Effect: It grants you the power to assimilate the power and effects of several types of weapons. The level of the skill determines the type of weapons that can be assimilated. As the skills level up, more complex weapons will be able to be assimilated.

Price: 180.000.000

Cost: 1000 mana.

It didn't take long for Ryan to imagine that skill to work, so he immediately bought it despite its price. According to the skill description, the skill needs to level up to assimilate more complex weapons. In the end, Ryan couldn't find a simpler weapon than the first bow he bought. So, he bought another one and used the skill. The weapon turned into dust once Ryan used Weapon Assimilation, and he felt some energy entering his body. Still, he didn't feel stronger, nor did he receive any notification.

After thinking for a while, Ryan summoned one of his Spiritualist's Spears. Although it was a fairly powerful weapon and had some interesting effects, it was a simple weapon.

Congratulations! The skill Spearmanship has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Spearmanship has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! The skill Spearmanship has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

"As expected, it really works like that," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Still, the knowledge assimilated will increase according to how advanced and powerful skill is.

Ryan had plenty of magic weapons that could level up his skills and that he hasn't been using for a while. Ryan just spent a stupid number of coins, but that skill will help him more than a little bit since he could obtain a massive number of magic weapons whenever he feels like it. He just has to look for a place with a good number of monsters.

"That isn't fair," Femradiel said. "By using that skill, I will never catch up with you. I was growing strong so fast in the last few days"

"Not my problem," Ryan said.

Ryan didn't know if Femradiel was messing around or if she really wanted to be that competitive. What is the point of being competitive with your allies? Regardless, Ryan began to assimilate a lot of weapons he had stored. He even tried to learn new spells by assimilating his Electric Wand that granted him the power to fire Electric Arrow, but that didn't happen. Instead of that, Ryan's Electric Resistance and Shock Resistance increased. Maybe Ryan will learn other skills by using that skill, but he already had skills that would benefit him more.

"Hehehe, it looks like I won't have to worry," Femradiel smirked.

Ryan frowned since it seemed Femradiel stopped training to watch him. Then he realized that she was using the Teacher class to learn Weapon Assimilation Ryan spent so many coins, and Femradiel was learning the skill for free. That would help him eventually, but somehow, he couldn't help but feel a bit pissed.

"When do you think you are going to learn the skill?" Ryan asked.

"Let's see once you use two thousand of those Spiritualist's Spear," Femradiel replied.

It is going to take a while Regardless, Ryan had plenty of weapons since he decimated the whole population of monsters that stayed inside Poseidon's castle. Before returning to his domain, he collected hundreds of them. After a while, Ryan grew tired of doing only that, and he needed coins to buy the next loot of dragon hearts. He decided to hunt some monsters and clear some dungeons. Ryan also needed to confirm that some dungeons wouldn't break now that Poseidon is gone.

"I wonder what will happen if I use Weapon Assimilation on the Sea's Vengeance crossbow" Ryan frowned. "Will I finally become the sea god? Well, I don't really care about the class, but I want an amazing power-up."

"What about the trident?" Femradiel asked.

Before answering that, Ryan sighed. He was flying in his draconic form, and Femradiel was sitting above his head. Naturally, she wanted more classes, and the fastest way to obtain them is by going with Ryan. While he had plenty of room there while using Draconic Transformation, that was quite annoying. In the end, Ryan made a mental note to look for Anger Manipulation or Anger Absorption. He would need such skills if he were not to lose his mind due to Femradiel's behavior.

After summoning Poseidon's Trident, Ryan noticed a few differences. He still couldn't feel himself much stronger while holding the weapon, but he felt a bit stronger before he didn't feel anything.

"I guess it is thanks to the Sea Lord class" Ryan muttered. "Anyway, it would be too much of a waste to assimilate this weapon. Come to think of it, I don't think that the skill will work since this weapon is pretty advanced."

"It looks like it will take a while for you to be able to assimilate the power and skills of alien weapons," Femradiel said.

" Alien weapons?" Ryan frowned. "Like this trident?"

"I don't think it is correct to refer to the elder gods as aliens since they were here even before you humans," Femradiel replied. "I am talking about true alien weapons, like guns that fire lasers or plasma. You know that there are alien civilizations out there, right?"

"I already have too many worries in my head, and I don't need anymore," Ryan replied. "Come to think of it most of the dungeon masters are probably aliens, while only a small fraction are the elder gods I can't ignore them. If I were to find resources on their planets like Oridecon and Elunium, maybe my workload would decrease."

"Good boy, you are finally using your head," Femradiel said.

Ryan sighed once again. Femradiel changed and became really troublesome for the time being. Her changes weren't a good thing. Still, hopefully, she was correct about the potential that a human body has. Ryan could only hope that her new behavior was just a small demerit compared to how helpful she could be once she obtains some classes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1