Chapter 667: Weapon Assimilation

Chapter 667: Weapon Assimilation

In the end, Ryan returned to Earth without even trying to obtain control over Poseidon's domain. It was too dangerous since other Greek gods knew where to find that world, and it was basically the fastest way to find the one who defeated Poseidon.

"It will take a while for a while for the other Greek gods to find the one who defeated Poseidon. As long as I keep that crossbow hidden, I will be safe, but after that" Ryan crossed his arms and then furrowed his eyebrows.

Even after defeating Poseidon, the other Greek gods will come to Earth. The vast majority of them should arrive within the next month. Once that happens, and they find Ryan, his domain will prove to be a valuable asset, but at the same time, it will be a weakness since Ryan will have to guard it at all times. While he defeated one Greek god, defeating their high leveled army was another matter. He couldn't decrease the difference in strength between his monsters and the enemies' armies using the same tactics he used to strengthen himself.

As if Ryan's already had too many worries in his head, even though he just solved one of the problems, another one was coming at full throttle. The very moment he returned to his domain, Femradiel hugged him from behind.

"You What is wrong with you?" Ryan asked. "This change of yours is just too sudden. You were calm and collected before, but then you turned into a super edgy dragon, and now I can't even find words to describe your actions anymore."

"Can't I be happy that you won? If you forgot it, my existence still is attached to your own," Femradiel said. "If you die, I will die too."

"That doesn't completely turn your behavior," Ryan said. "What happened while you were in Poseidon's castle? Isis said that he was trying to kill you by destroying your memories. As far as I can tell, apparently, you didn't forget anything."

"You are right. I didn't lose any important memories," Femradiel said.

"Then?" Ryan asked.

"Then, what?" Femradiel asked.

Ryan facepalmed and then sighed. In the end, it would be much simpler to believe that human hormones were responsible for making Femradiel act suspiciously. But according to Yahiko, dragons smell like the seven deadly sins. Lust was one of them, but Femradiel never acted like a lustful dragon. So, by a lack of any more plausible explanation, Ryan was certain that something happened at Poseidon's castle, despite Femradiel's words.

"What is the plan now that you defeated Poseidon?" Femradiel asked.

"You are so quick to change the subject at the opportune times" Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Anyway, Poseidon was just the first. Others will come and try to eliminate humans and create a kingdom for their own followers. I will just prepare for their arrival and act once I confirm the ones who want to eradicate humans from Earth."

Area Lv 27: 75 square miles  Level UP cost: 690.000 coins or 6.900.000 mana

Monsters Book Lv 10  Level UP cost: 5.500 coins or 55.000 mana

Barrier Lv 51

Level UP cost: 296.000 coins or 2.960.000 mana

Army Lv 69  Level UP cost: 3.698.000 coins or 36.980.000 mana

Dungeon T1 Lv 125 (51%) Level UP cost: 359.000 coins or 3.590.000 mana

Coins stored: 15.333 Mana stored: 99.523

The first of Ryan's worries were about his domain. While it was growing steadily, he still didn't think it was good enough. Attacking other dungeon masters seemed more and more like too long of a plan, so Ryan focused on strengthening the domain once again.

After dealing with that, Ryan registered a lot of Skeleton Archers and Red Falcons on his domain. The number of monsters that he was losing every day decreased, probably thanks to Femradiel. So, he didn't have to summon a lot of them, at least not to fill the numbers that he lost.

"Speaking of numbers, I have a lot of coins now," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully while he checked his status screen. "What shall I buy?"

"You probably can buy a lot of new things after defeating Poseidon," Femradiel said. "If clearing a dungeon makes you able to buy new things, the Sea Lord class probably unlocked some interesting things in the Dungeon Shop."

Ryan checked that and confirmed that it was true. He could see a lot of things that he couldn't see before things that didn't look like magic, but more like sci-fi powers, even more special than Telekinesis. The first thing that Ryan saw that picked his interest was Cyberlingualism. It was a weird skill, since its effect was that it would grant the user to talk telepathically or by touching some types of technological objects

"Let's look for something simpler that even someone as stupid as me can use," Ryan said.

After looking for quite a while, Ryan found a skill that seemed pretty handy. However, despite its crazy price, it had a fair number of limitations.

Anti-Magic Eye Tome.

Effect: it grants you the power to absorb the mana from a foe or from an attack. The amount of mana absorbed will depend on the level of the skill. You can't use other skills while this skill is active. You can't move while this skill is active. Suffering damage cancels this skill. The amount of mana drained is equal to the level of the skill multiplied by ten.

Price: 150.000.000

"With my improved eyesight, I bet I can use a lot of enemies to recover my mana, even from the safety of my domain, but this price is ridiculous not to mention the restrictions," Ryan muttered.

In the end, Ryan decided not to buy that tome. He had plenty of skills to recover his mana. At the same time, most of them couldn't be used effectively during a one-on-one fight. Ryan had potions to solve that issue. After searching for a while, Ryan finally found a skill that seemed worthy of its cost: Weapon Assimilation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1