Chapter 679: Thief

Chapter 679: Thief

The shock and surprise made him flinch, and Femradiel used that chance to increase the layer of ice on his body. Alfur tried to free himself, but before he could do it, Ryan suddenly appeared behind him and smashed his head with his two hands. This time, Ryan felt some feedback, and the enemy moved downward for hundreds of meters.

Ryan fired more Lunar Arrows while he worked to use some mana potions. To cause massive damage, there was no better moment to attack than when the enemy was surprised, but in the end, it seemed that it didn't work as much as he wanted. The enemy stopped falling, and then suddenly, he pointed his left hand toward Ryan. He didn't see anything flying in his direction. Still, Ryan was hit by something, and several scales on his left chest were destroyed, and a big wound appeared there. Ryan was paralyzed due to the shock and the pain. Alfur used that chance to fly toward him at a fearsome speed. However, Femradiel's magic slowed him down at the last moment, and Ryan was only hit by a punch that broke a few of his ribs. It caused a lot of damage, but it could have been worse

"He used a counter technique, one that he can control where he can fire back the damage that he suffered in a single moment," Femradiel said. "To avoid that, you shouldn't focus too many attacks at a single moment."

That seemed logical, but it was a pain in the ass as well. After all, the best moments that Ryan could attack were far too few.

"Just wait for a while longer it is almost complete," Femradiel said.

Ryan had no idea what Femradiel was talking about, but he didn't have time to ask either. Alfur dashed toward him again, and Ryan fired some Lunar Arrows to force him to slow down and assume a defensive stance. He protected his head using his arms and hit Ryan's chest with a headbutt. Although the pain was annoying, it gave Ryan a certain idea it was weird that he could only have those while he was having his ass kicked.

After firing some arrows that Ryan had never used before, Alfur stepped back and blocked them with his arms, but then they exploded, and he was covered in acid. In the end, due to the low level of the skill, it didn't cause much damage, but the liquid blinded the target for a while, and Ryan couldn't have asked for more.

He fired at others that made Alfur assume a complete defensive stance, and he was pushed backward, even more, when some Lunar Arrows hit him from above. Retreating from Acid Explosion wasn't a good idea, so Alfur dashed forward Ryan in order not to give him the chance to use it. Ryan fired a new type of arrow, but Alfur assumed that was another diversion and ignored it. Still, then when the arrow hit his arm, it exploded, and then it became a sphere of light that blinded him for a few moments. Alfur tried to escape by using Teleport, and he did it, but then he noticed that Ryan followed him since he grabbed his body with both hands.

"Do it, Femradiel," Ryan said. "Whatever you are planning, just do it."

"Your instincts are sharp, this close, I should be able to do it faster," Femradiel smiled.

Femradiel pointed both of her hands to Alfur. While the warrior was strolling. He failed at moving all that much since Ryan focused on stopping all his movements. That was the price one has to pay for not having any offensive spell. Once their movements are sealed, they can't do anything aside from struggle without causing any real damage.

Alfur mustered all his strength to free himself. Still, even though he was also using Strength Thief, he failed at obtaining any result since Ryan was constantly draining his health, mana, and stamina. At some point, Alfur failed at even struggling. He lost the power to move his muscles and most parts of his body when Femradiel covered him in ice. That was weird Only ice shouldn't be enough to do that, but then Ryan saw it. Alfur's blood was turning into crystal Femradiel invaded his body with ice magic to freeze his blood. Naturally, his Cold Resistance could work even inside his body. Still, since Femradiel has been doing that since the start of the fight, she could freeze his blood at any moment. Her mana was inside him, after all.

"How unexpected" Ryan said, surprised. "To think that you could do that even though you are much weaker than us."

"Don't be so surprised, everything is a matter of skill," Femradiel said. "You should know that, after all, you defeated a fire dragon with the strength he obtained in just three weeks."

There was a massive difference between a fire dragon and Alfur. Still, Ryan understood the message. It felt a bit weird to win against the third strongest human like that, but since he didn't fight alone, Ryan decided not to think too much about it.

"Can you stop him by yourself by using ice magic?" Ryan asked.

"If you let me use some mana and INT potions, then I can," Femradiel replied. "What? Do you want to turn him into a weapon too?"

"No," Ryan replied.

Once Femradiel completely paralyzed Alfur, Ryan teleported them to ground level and then deactivated his Draconic Transformation. Alfur's eyes were filled with anxiety and fear while imagining what Ryan was about to do. Even without him doing anything, he could see his health decreasing at an alarming rate. Instead of causing any real damage, Ryan activated Wolf's Greed.

Your dexterity has increased by four points.

You lost four hundred points of health.

Your dexterity has increased by four points.

You lost four hundred points of health.

Femradiel finally understood what Ryan was planning. It was something insane, but it was possible with her help in the end, Ryan stole all the dexterity that Alfur had.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1