Chapter 675: Tired Of Waiting

Chapter 675: Tired of waiting

Even in that massive army, there were some types of monsters that Ryan had never ever seen. However, one of them stood out from the crowd. The creatures were even bigger than giants, and weirdly enough, despite the similar bodies and clothes, they had different skin tones and a number of horns on their heads.

Ogre Lv 960

Health: 96.000/96.000

Mana: 27.000/27.000

Stamina: 87.000/87.000

Strength: 6.900 (+ 2200)

Dexterity: 3100 (+ 800)

Speed: 2400 (+ 1500)

Intelligence: 1500 (+ 100)

Endurance: 5100 (+ 900)

Control: 1900 (+ 1600)

Mentality: 4000 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 25.000 (+ 20.000)

Willpower: 4000 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Smash Lv 760, Concentrated Strike Lv 680

Passive Physical Skills: Enhanced Strength Lv 470, Enhanced Recovery Lv 370, Stone Skin Lv Max

Spells: Strong Arms Lv 460, Earthquake Lv 450, Earth Pillar Lv 490

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 500, Electric Resistance Lv 480, Shock Resistance Lv 420, Fire Resistance Lv 610

The ogres could be blue and head, the blue ones had only a single horn on their foreheads, but the red ones had two on the sides of their heads. Aside from that, they had massive clubs as weapons that could be mistaken as trees, and they used clothes that made Ryan recall some cavemen.

"They are even more resilient than ordinary Hydras" Ryan muttered.

"If that type of monster marches through this area unchecked, nothing will be left standing. Considering those numbers, I would bet that all the humans in this part of the world joined the Nordic gods' side," Femradiel said. "What are you going to do, Ryan? Fighting them will probably lure out this berserker fellow, but you will end up warning Odin, Thor, and Poseidon. If any other elder god imagines that the one who defeated Poseidon is involved in this, you will be surrounded before you can do anything."

Ryan was fully aware of that, but in the end, the ninth dungeon break is only a few days away. Once that happens, the ogres' army will increase in size and strength. Not to mention, the elder gods will come. However, if Ryan ignores them. The entire North Europe will be destroyed afterward. He won't have the time to attack and destroy the armies. By losing the surprise factor, Ryan's chances of succeeding will decrease exponentially. He had to choose between his mission and letting those monsters run wild for who knows how long even if he goes all out, he will be surrounded by the minions of other elder gods.

"So many things to do so little time," Ryan said after a long sigh.

"I can't feel any presence that resembles Yahiko's here," Femradiel said. "Either he is concealing his powers, or Loki was wrong about the fact that the Nordic gods are hiding him only from the humans' eyes."

"Did you check all the territories of those three countries?" Ryan asked.

"Yes, I checked the positions of all dungeons in the area, and there isn't anyone particularly power nearby them," Femradiel replied.

It looked like, in fact, Femradiel's tracking skills improved considering that she could check those three countries at the same time Regardless, even if Ryan's assumptions were wrong, there was another possibility Maybe his target was in another world, waiting for his masters to give him the next orders.

"We have six days until the next wave of dungeons breaks, more than enough time to wait and ambush the target," Ryan said. "I will wait for three days and see if this guy will show up or not. If he weren't to show up, I will just take my chances and eliminate all these monsters."

Although it was pretty close to Denmark and Sweden, Ryan decided to hide on a small island called Store Tarn. It was a place that once had a lighthouse the lighthouse was actually there, completely intact but abandoned. It was a pretty neat place to stay since the population was small population, and there were no dungeons nearby.

It has been a while since Ryan had any time to rest. Still, instead of properly resting, he decided to come up with ways to exterminate the massive monster army as fast and efficiently as possible. Thinking about what to do had been pretty annoying since Femradiel quickly found a bed to lay down and sleep. It was really troublesome since she snored so loudly.

"The more I think about it, the more I am sure that leaving the monsters alone is a mistake," Ryan muttered. "Not only will they cause a lot of destruction while they grow stronger, but without defeating them, I won't be able to clear their dungeons and obtain new classes. New classes and new skills are always welcome, after all."

Loki wants Ryan to defeat this berserker fellow and also cause a decent blow on the three armies. While Ryan was pretty sure that he could come up with a way in three days to decimate the army, things will be a bit messy afterward because he will have to use a lot of resources and preparations to do it. Making enough preparations to decimate the army and to fight someone he didn't know a single thing at the same time was too much to ask for.

"I guess the only option is to focus on saving a lot of resources for the second moment," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

In the end, after three days, Ryan got tired of waiting. As expected, his target will only move once Odin, Thor, and Baldr arrive. They are probably planning to attack and defeat all his enemies in Europe in a single swoop. Fortunately, Ryan came up with a way to prevent that he will at least bring down this berserker fellow.

On the night of the third day, Ryan and Femradiel teleported too high in the sky. While the moon wasn't full, Ryan will have one in less than a week, his Lunar Arrows will have plenty of power as they are. Still, Ryan won't use them on the ordinary mobs, he didn't have that much mana, and the skill wasn't made to decimate many enemies. Ryan would use something else

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1