Chapter 673: Light Solidification

Chapter 673: Light Solidification

"How about my friendship?" Loki smiled.

"I can live perfectly fine without your friendship," Ryan replied.

"Are you sure? My friends always say how valuable my friendship is to them," Loki added.

"I am sure you have many friends already," Ryan shrugged.

"It is a pity" Loki said and then made two tomes appear on his right hand. "Those two will help you fight this BerserkerBerserker. Once you succeed in defeating him and decreasing the size of the three armies under his control, I will give you this, I am sure it will help you a lot in the future."

Pain Absorption tome.

Effect: It decreases the power of physical attacks by one hundred points per level. When you succeed in canceling the total damage of the attack, you will be able to absorb it and then restore your health, mana, and stamina. The amount absorbed will be a percentage equal to the level of the skill.

Physical Reflection Tome.

Effect: It grants you the chance to reflect physical damage directly to the attacker. The level of the skill determines how much damage it can be reflected on at a time. The more damage you reflect, the more mana you will need to use.

Light Solidification Tome.

Effect: It grants you the power to solidify light and use it as you see fit. The level of the skill determines how much light and how fast you can solidify. The level of the skill also determines the amount of mana used.

The first two were given to Ryan, but the other one, which really picked his interest, was put away for him to receive once he finishes the job. It seemed the payment would suffice. Ryan would receive payment to deal with a problem that could make his allies suffer. He couldn't find a better thing to do at the current time.

"All right, then," Ryan said. "I accept the job. Where I can find those three dungeons and where you think I can find this BerserkerBerserker?"

"All of Odin's dungeons are in Norway, all of Thor's dungeon are in Sweden, and all of Baldr's dungeons are in Finland," Loki replied. "As you can see, they have been planning this attack since even before we had the chance to create a path back to Earth. Some stupid dungeon masters tried to contest those territories, but they were completely defeated by BerserkerBerserker, and that only gave those three the power to control other domains."

Ryan couldn't help but frown it looked like Norse elder gods were pretty serious about that. Perhaps even more serious than Poseidon. After all, he didn't use any soldier to defeat the other dungeon masters that tried to obtain control over the oceans.

"Well, I am going then," Ryan said. "It will be better if I strike them before they discover who defeated Poseidon."

After saying that, Ryan used Teleport to leave alongside Femradiel. Meanwhile, Loki, Isis, and Athena just waited until they felt Ryan's presence leaving that world.

"Are you satisfied, Athena?" Isis asked.

"No, he is too carefree," Athena replied. "He probably survived until now and defeated Poseidon due to a massive stroke of luck. He won't survive for long instead of that, that woman with him picked my interest. She is a dragon that abandoned her former shell to start from a scratch. Her actions and choices are illogical."

"I wonder if an elder god can be defeated by a stroke of luck alone" Isis frowned. "As for Femradiel and the other dragons that survived until now, I don't know what to think about them. Their powers were too small when they arrived and they were quickly overthrown by the humans who managed to survive for a few months. Their arrival changed the natural order of things, but until this day, I can't understand why they came and who gave them the chance to come."

"Why the serious faces?" Loki asked. "Their arrival changed things for the good, can't you see how much they changed the whole setting of the game?"

Isis and Athena glared at Loki. In the end, he was as insane as someone could be without becoming a threat. All of them knew about dragons and how they are supposed to be born, and that was why they couldn't understand why they arrived on Earth so soon.

" Anyway, you'd better get going, Loki," Isis said. "Ryan was talking seriously when he said he was going to look for BerserkerBerserker right now. You should at least offer him some support by getting on their way as usual. We don't want risk losing one of the few humans who can affect this whole battlefield alone and still doesn't think single-mindedly about pursuing power."

"I wonder about that he is already on that path," Loki said. "You noticed it, didn't you? That cursed power growing stronger inside him. Ahh, how I missed Earth. As expected, there are no other creatures as fun as humans."

Isis felt like sighing, and Athena also felt like leaving the place. Staying too close to Loki was bothersome to them in many ways, but in the end, they couldn't refute his words. Loki was right, Ryan was changing, and a cursed power inside him was also getting stronger. He didn't know that, but that cursed power was also one of the reasons why he managed to defeat Poseidon. For that reason, neither of those three mentioned to Ryan that after reaching a certain level of power, dungeon masters can't suffer damage from most beings. Not because of the difference of power, but because they lacked something that the dungeon masters had

While thinking about that, Isis recalled Femradiel's actions during the meeting. In the end, she didn't do much aside from messing with Ryan at the beginning. She stayed throughout the whole meeting in silence, just staring at Loki, Isis, and Athena she didn't look like a shy woman, so why? Considering who she was, she probably could tell the changes that Ryan was undergoing it has been a while since Isis felt like that. Pondering about difficult questions.

"As expected, humans are too troublesome" Isis said and then sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1