Chapter 674: Siren

Chapter 674: Siren

Although Ryan said that he would solve the problem as fast as possible, in the end, he headed to his domain before anything. It would take a while for Femradiel to fly there, so he would have to do that.

"Where are you going?" Femradiel asked. "I am going to help you with this job."

"No, you won't," Ryan said. "You are not strong enough and will only get in the way."

"You can relax, I will only offer support," Femradiel said. "Besides, if I die, I can always return after a while, just like Furball. That was one of the main reasons I created this body."

"That is a nice feature of your body, but if you are going to die and only to be brought back later, you can do it somewhere else, not while I am looking," Ryan said.

"I don't plan on dying, I am just saying that it won't be the end," Femradiel said. "But if you say that you don't want to see me getting hurt, then I suppose that will be satisfying enough for me."

After a long sigh, Ryan changed directions and then headed to North Europe. Perhaps getting hurt or even dying will fix Femradiel's behavior. The only downside of that is that Ryan will have to see it and feel guilty about it.

Although it has been a while since Ryan was in Europe, he didn't stop at any single point. He couldn't underestimate the elder gods' information network. If he were to decimate an army of monsters, they would find out that someone troublesome was around and thus raise their guards.

Fortunately, Ryan found some survivor camps around some dungeons, and he even had the chance to invade one of them while they were clearing the dungeon. While invisible, Ryan and Femradiel also received the chance to obtain a new class.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Knight, Siren, and Sorcerer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Siren!

You obtained the following skills: Ancient Song, Metallic Sound, and Restauration Song.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by four points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by two points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Ancient Song.

Effect: It grants your voice special effects. While the skill is active, the allies who hear your voice will receive a bonus in your intelligence, mentality, and willpower. The bonus will be equal to the level of the skill by ten points.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Metallic Sound.

Effect: It grants your voice special effects. While the skill is active, the allies who hear your voice will receive a bonus in your strength, endurance, and recovery. The bonus will be equal to the level of the skill by ten points.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Restauration Song.

Effect: It grants your voice special effects. While the skill is active, the allies who hear your voice will receive in recovery your health, mana, and stamina per second. The bonus will be equal to the level of the skill by ten points.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"Well, I suppose it is better than nothing," Ryan shrugged.

"Now I can see why Athena and Isis decided to work with Loki so readily despite the fact that he is a troublesome fellow," Femradiel said. "I can feel Athena's mana somewhere South of here. So, if the Nordic gods were to attack and head South, Athena and Isis will eventually be attacked by those three."

Ryan also realized that Athena wasn't the type who would ask for help from the other Greek gods, and Isis would only be able to help her so much. In the end, those two were bound to face some trouble if Odin, Thor, and Baldr's armies were to grow even further.

"How are your senses in this form?" Ryan asked.

"The same as always, my tracking skills doesn't rely on my status on the size of my body," Femradiel replied. "Still, I won't feel this Berserker'sBerserker's presence unless they are somewhat closer or fighting. While he might have the same type of power as Yahiko, a single human can't emit the same amount of mana as a dungeon."

It would be troublesome if he were to Teleport to a place too close to a domain, so Ryan was only flying. He also learned, thanks to Poseidon, that invisibility couldn't hide his presence completely while Draconic Transformation was active. So, Ryan was flying in his human form. Since Femradiel couldn't keep up with his speed, she was sitting on his back that was one of the reasons why he wanted to take her to the domain the feeling of being used as a vehicle was even more annoying in his human form.

It took Ryan a few hours to reach his destination. Since it was the closest one, Ryan arrived in Sweden first. At first, since he was using Clairvoyance from afar, he couldn't help but frown since he couldn't see anything aside from a massive shadow near the coast. But after he approached, Ryan understood what was happening... hundreds of thousands of monsters were creating a shadow around the area and preventing Ryan from even seeing the ground. As if that wasn't bad enough, he could see that most of them were almost reaching level nine hundred, and all of them were melee monsters that would take a while to take down.

"As expected of the elder gods who love a good fight," Ryan muttered. "They created a monster army of creatures that can only use physical skills."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1