Chapter 677: Rush

Chapter 677: Rush

Ryan couldn't help but wonder why that man didn't attack him as soon as he appeared, but then he understood why when Femradiel fired some ice spears. The difference in power between Ryan and Femradiel was evident. Hence, the speed of the projectiles was also very different from one another. Thanks to that, for every ten spears she fired, that man destroyed six.

The mana inside the spears exploded, and a small layer of ice covered him before he could teleport. Still, Ryan barely noticed any difference in that man's movements. Ryan charged a Concentrated Strike and then teleported to the right in front of the man and then punched him. Ryan's fist in his draconic form was big enough to smash half of the foe's body, but in the end, even though his attack landed perfectly, the mana didn't move an inch.

"No wonder he has three skills that decrease the effects of the pain" Ryan thought in shock.

Before Ryan could move away from the target, he grabbed his hand and then tried to spin him. However, Ryan bombarded the man with dozens of bolts. Trying to decrease his speed and endurance. Ryan noticed that his skills were working, but he got a taste of his own poison for the first time.

Your strength has been stolen by 35 points per 10 seconds.

Your strength has been stolen by 35 points per 10 seconds.

Your strength has been stolen by 35 points per 10 seconds.

It was the Strength Thief skill in action Ryan couldn't help but sweat cold. He tried to free himself, but the grip of the Berserker was strong enough to make even his bones crack. Without any other choice, Ryan changed his tactics. He summoned several copies of the Hydra's bow and bombarded him from above with the massive arrows. Ryan saw his enemy's body trembling with each hit but still wasn't nearly enough to free himself.

Ryan didn't give up and tried to scare the enemy as well by using Stamina Drain, Vampirism, and Magic Vampirism. When Alfur noticed that fighting like that wouldn't do him any good, he threw Ryan downward.

Ryan had a hard time controlling his body since he was spinning, but in the end, by mustering all his strength, he stopped the movement. Soon after, he teleported to high in the sky since he noticed that the man was flying in Femradiel's direction. He probably couldn't see her, but finding her was easy. He just had to follow the direction the spears were coming from.

Congratulations! The skill Rage has leveled up.

You obtained 01 status points.

While glaring at the enemy, Ryan felt his blood growing hotter. That wasn't good the possibility of Femradiel getting attacked was making him lose his cool. Still, that worked in his favor somewhat since the enemy couldn't help but raise his guard.

It looked like the enemy could only use Strength Thief when he was touching someone, so fighting using his body directly was no good for Ryan. He will have to rely on his long-ranged attacks and debuff skills, but it will take too long even if he obtains some results. Ryan only saw a single way out of that situation

When that warrior charged toward Ryan again, he bombarded him with Ruby Arrows. The enemy couldn't help but frown since he didn't feel much pain but saw his health decreasing at a fearsome pace. Regardless, he punched Ryan's stomach even before he could think of doing anything. Regardless, Ryan recovered himself pretty fast by using Bloody Sword. Once again, the enemy frowned since he didn't feel pain, but he lost health directly. It was weird even though he had those three skills, he was worried about the lack of feeling that he was having while his health decreased.

Alfur attacked Ryan relentlessly while he tried to open a path toward Femradiel, who still attacked the monsters with the ice spears, but Ryan didn't give up. Even though he was losing a lot more health than the enemy, Ryan was also recovering more. He was winning the war of attrition, but in the end, the target stepped back. He sure was quick to realize certain things for a mad warrior and decide to change his strategy.

Instead of attacking, the foe began to focus on dodging while flying around and using Teleport to move in small distances which made Ryan frown as well, since he couldn't see any meaning in letting that fight drag out, at least from the enemy perspective.

"Ryan, we have a problem," Femradiel said.

"What problem?" Ryan asked.

"The monsters are fighting each other and leveling up," Femradiel replied. "My attacks aren't causing much damage from this distance. Those who had less endurance are dying, but not in high enough numbers. The big guns are delivering the finishing blows in order to level up."

Ryan bit his lips in annoyance. No wonder Berserker was acting so weirdly. He wanted to buy time in order to bring Odin, Thor, and Baldr to Earth. The perfect outcome for them would be to fight using their whole army. Still, now that they found an enemy that could be a threat to their general, they decided to make some sacrifices.

"Just focus on killing as many enemies as possible," Ryan said. "I will deal with the rest later."

Although he said that, the situation was really dire. A war of attrition was the only way he could think of defeating the man in front of him. It wasn't the swiftest way to deal with him, but it was the best he could think of right at that moment.

"It is time to stop pulling my punches" Ryan said and then sighed.

Ryan didn't want to use that since it was evident that Berserker's bosses were watching that fight, and that was one of the few weapons Ryan could use against them and cause a lot of damage. Ryan raised his right hand, and then in the next moment, dozens of Lunar Arrows flew toward the enemy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1