Chapter 676: Norse Hero

Chapter 676: Norse Hero

Femradiel complained quite a lot when she heard what Ryan was planning because his plans didn't involve her in any way. Even if she wanted to help anyway, she couldn't do it due to the fact that she couldn't survive outer space. In the end, he was forced to use more than mana expected to create a Magic Barrier, but in the end, that wasn't much of a hassle. Ryan would need some time to charge his attacks, after all.

"If you leave a hole inside the spears and then enchant the interior with Ice Enchantment, you will be able to store a lot more mana and while they are flying, the energy won't disperse," Femradiel said. "Your goal is to freeze them to death, right? Not explode them to pieces with the spears?"

" Right," Ryan replied.

Truth to be told, Ryan was planning to use Charge Traps as well. The spears he was forging with ice magic were big enough to accept hundreds of marks of those, but thanks to Femradiel's words, he changed his mind. He will probably destroy the rest of the countries by using Charge Traps, while by using ice, they will be covered in ice for a while, but it will eventually melt. Not to mention, by relying on that tactic, he will gain some time as well. His attacks will cause some destruction, but not enough to alert other monsters and survivors hundreds of thousands of kilometers away from the battlefield.

Even after considering all that, Ryan had to work for a full day and night. He knew the range and efficacy of his frozen spears very well, so he had to work for that long to make sure that all the enemies he could see would become ice statues. Ryan used stupid amounts of mana potions, and he even had to buy quite a lot from the Dungeon Shop as well. He could only hope that he would gain a lot more than he already used.

Once the time came, Ryan fired the spears as fast as he could in order not to give the monsters the time to react. Even from so far away, and even though he couldn't see the monsters with his eyes alone, Ryan saw the very moment the spears hit the ground. Then massive waves of ice froze everything.

You obtained 589 coins.

You obtained 856 coins.

You obtained 365 coins.

Ryan received the notifications at speed he didn't expect, but that didn't stop him. He didn't have time to get excited about defeating small fries.

"He showed up" Femradiel said.

Barely twenty seconds had passed since Ryan's attack, and the target finally appeared. Was it a coincidence that he showed up at such a convenient time? Ryan confirmed that wasn't the case when he saw three of his massive ice arrows being stopped before they hit the ground. That was some fearsome speed and power Even though Ryan had fired ten in a single moment and lost three, he fired them at points pretty far away from each other. He probably could Teleport.

Ryan used Clairvoyance, and then he finally saw the target or a shadow of it. He couldn't see the man with magic because of some protective spell or item, but he noticed that he was approaching. According to Loki, he was supposed to be a warrior that only fights without relying on magic, but it looks like Loki was wrong. Berserker only fought without using magic because he didn't have to.

"Keep firing the arrows, I will buy us sometime," Ryan said and then cast a Mana Barrier on Femradiel.

"Hey, are you going to leave me here?" Femradiel raised her voice. "In outer space?"

"You don't have to worry about it, as long as I am alive, the Mana Barrier won't disappear and it will obey your orders, but you already knew that" Ryan frowned. "Focus on the mission. Don't disappoint me, Femradiel."

Ryan teleported to the right in front of the enemy and then finally saw him. His hair was a pretty long, light brown-haired man, and it was tied up like the Vikings of the past. He also had a long and pretty wild beard That made Ryan wonder if that man hadn't inherited the spirit of an old Viking that was brought to life now that monsters were on Earth.

The man also was wearing a black chest plate and a helmet that had two horns. He either like those or really wanted to look the part. However, from all things Ryan could see, the physique of that man was the most impressive. He was huge. If Ryan didn't know that he was an Alfur, he would think that the man was Hercules reincarnation.

Alfur

Class: Nordic Hero Lv 95 / Immortal Lv 89 / Tainted Berserker Lv 84

Race: Asgardian

Rank: 03rd

Health: 177.982/177.982

Mana: 83.580/83.580

Stamina: 144.730/144.730

Strength: 22.320

Dexterity: 4560

Speed: 7820

Intelligence: 2566

Endurance: 25.630

Control: 3230

Mentality: 6600

Luck: 2560

Recovery: 45.695

Willpower: 7500

Coins: 75.523.362

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Concentrated Strike Lv Max, Herculean Strength Lv 950, Seismic Slam Lv 750, Cleave Lv 670

Passive Physical Skills: Pain Resistance Lv Max, Pain Immunity Lv Max, Pain Absorption Lv Max, Strong Arms Lv Max, Improved Strength Lv Max, Regeneration Lv Max, Enhanced Strength Lv 700, Augmented Strength Lv 540, Strength Thief Lv 355

Spells: Teleport Lv 350, Fly Lv 240

Support Skills: Fire Resistance Lv 770, Cold Resistance Lv 770, Electric Resistance Lv 770, Shock Resistance Lv 770

After using a lot lately in order to avoid not being able to see the status of the enemies, Absolute Appraisal worked. Or perhaps it was due to the fact that the man in front of him had no interest in defensive spells. That became evident after Ryan saw that the only spells he could use were the ones he used to stop Ryan's spears. Regardless, Absolute Appraisal worked, but in the end, somewhere inside his head Ryan wished that it hadn't. The man in front of him not only had some impressive classes and status, but he also had many skills at the max level, and he was the third strongest human on the planet. What were Ryan's chances against him?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1