Chapter 678: Toughness

Chapter 678: Toughness

Alfur tried to escape the arrows by using Teleport, but Ryan imagined that he would do that, so he used Perfect Aim to prevent it. Alfur used Teleport to keep escaping the arrows, but he only did it for so long. In the end, he was hit by a barrage of Lunar Arrows.

Ryan used that chance to use some potions, and then he saw the result of his attacks. The enemy's body was covered in burn marks, and he was bleeding a little bit. Ryan's attacks made him lose one-third of his health, and he just had to use half of his mana Ryan confirmed once again that Lunar Arrow was the cause of Poseidon's fall due to the circumstances.

In the end, Ryan decided to bombard the target with the same skill, even though it wasn't that efficient. However, he suddenly disappeared. When Ryan used Search, he found him hidden between the monster's army and were running back to their dungeons.

"He is saving his mana to escape my attacks," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "He sure decided to retreat fast"

Ryan returned to where he left Femradiel and then decided to attack the monsters himself. Femradiel didn't stop there and helped Ryan as well. Thanks to it, dozens of thousands of monsters were killed. However, at some point, the ice spears were blocked by a massive invisible barrier.

"Son of a bitch he has a domain as well," Ryan clicked his tongue in annoyance.

"It looks like you are having a hard time," Loki said.

"Who said that you could use me to talk with Ryan, Loki?" Isis asked.

"Don't mind the small stuff," Loki said.

Ryan sighed. It looked like he was being monitored again. That wasn't surprising, given that his success or failure would affect Loki, Isis, and Athena. Still, being watched was annoying nevertheless.

"First of all, how come you managed to invade my telepathic link?" Isis asked.

"You need to use magic carefully," Loki said. "Just using spells like those without using several layers of defense is no good."

"I already do that," Isis said.

"That is right, and I know your methods, that is why I succeeded," Loki said. "Anyway, we don't have time for that. What are you going to do, Ryan? From what I can see here, the high-leveled monsters are still killing the weaker ones. At this rate, Odin will show up in eleven hours, Thor is fourteen, and Baldr in sixteen."

" I will destroy the domain, defeat that guy and then clear all the dungeons," Ryan said.

That was easier said than done, but Ryan was fully aware that his spears would cause even more damage to the domain since the ice will cause damage over time. Femradiel focused on using the potions for Ryan while he fired the spears as fast as he could. In the blink of an eye, they saw the barrier around the domain becoming similar to a dome of ice.

Since he didn't focus on saving his resources, Ryan finally destroyed the barrier a few moments before his spears were almost gone. In the end, Ryan glued all the remaining spears before the effects of his potions could end and then fired them. Femradiel felt the berserker warrior moving to intercept the projectile since he was completely healed again. He punched and kicked the spears, but he barely made the projectiles lose speed and power, and, in the end, he used Teleport to escape the effects of the attack.

When the spear hit the center of the ogres' army, a massive ice tower emerged and killed thousands of them. That probably will give him a few more hours Still, in the end, Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he will be able to finish his job properly.

Congratulations! The class: Enchanter has reached level 75.

Congratulations! The class: Wizard has reached level 86.

Congratulations! The class: Shaman has reached level 21.

Ryan's archery classes leveled up like crazy, but they couldn't be compared to the magic classes. He had decided to focus on becoming a raw archer at some point in the past, but lately, he was using a lot more of a magic archer fighting style.

Ryan decided to return to Earth, but Femradiel glued on his head like a cicada this time. She didn't want to be left behind again in the end, Ryan was too tired to argue with her. That job was already too much, and Ryan didn't have time to waste with an argument right at that moment.

When they returned to Earth, Ryan found the berserker warrior waiting for him. He seemed pretty pissed. Perhaps now he was going to show why he received that nickname. Ryan's expectations were correct. That man suddenly disappeared, and in the next moment, Ryan was sent flying backward after getting kicked on his back. However, before he could hit the ground, the enemy hit him in a fast sequence and attacked Ryan in his draconic form as if he were a volleyball.

Suddenly, the warrior's attacks lost a lot of power and speed, and Ryan had the chance to recover and use Full-Heal. When he turned around, he saw the target trying to free himself from some blocks of ice on his shoulders and knees.

"You can thank me later, now try to get rid of him as fast as possible," Femradiel said.

It was hard to understand how Femradiel, with her current body, could influence the result of such a fight. It was even harder to imagine how she managed to stay at the top of Ryan's head while he was being thrown around. Regardless, while Ryan wanted to win that fight fair and square, he didn't have time to let his pride get in the way.

Ryan summoned several magic copies of the Hydra's bow and then charged while he fired them. The enemy tried to move away, but Ryan once again used Perfect Aim. In the end, he moved his arms to protect his head and front side from Ryan's charge and arrows, and he actually succeeded in doing that. Ryan's body slam only made his move a few meters in the air, while the arrows only caused small wounds. The endurance level of that guy was a problem, but his toughness didn't help much when he got hit by several Lunar Arrows on his back.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1