Chapter 672: Compensation

Chapter 672: Compensation

"Back to the topic," Isis said. "I can't speak for Loki's true intentions, but Athena and I want to create an environment where humans will have the chance to prove their worth in the years to come. Prove their worth and strength, they will have the strength to survive in this new world. We can't return to the days where things were relatively peaceful despite the massive difference in power."

"Why do you think that I don't want world peace as well?" Loki asked.

"From what I heard about you, Loki, the thing you hate the most is peace," Isis said. "That being said, we decided to cooperate with you because the balance of power between the Nordic gods is about to break."

After hearing that, Ryan noticed that Loki didn't join forces with Athena and Isis just to see Ryan. While he looked like someone would do everything imaginable to amuse himself, he wasn't stupid. He was someone who could find pleasure even while he loses some battles, but not all of them. That is why he decided to cooperate with those two who wanted to give to the weak side a chance to struggle and survive.

"Regardless, things in North Europe are about to break," Isis added. "Most of the Nordic elder gods with a few exceptions like Loki worked together to raise the level of their dungeons and also increase the size of their armies. Once they come, they advance through the rest of Europe and decimate anyone who stands on their way. The dungeon masters will offer an alternative aside from death, but I don't think most people who survived until now will accept it."

"What kind of offer?" Ryan asked.

"Become a citizen of Asgard until the day of their deaths, they will also lose their freewill," Loki replied. "If they refuse any orders, they die on the spot. It is pretty much an old-fashioned slave contract. You can't expect much from old relics like them."

" Speaking of old-relics, you offered some contract to the survivors in Canada," Ryan said. "Are you saying that offer you gave them is better?"

"Of course, what is the point of obtaining a dull sword?" Loki asked. "If you want a new weapon, you should make it sharper as much as possible. Those who work me can have everything they want. Those who work particularly hard enough are rewarded nicely, but who disappoint me doesn't live long."

"Or maybe you make them think that they are being rewarded, I heard you are good at making illusions," Ryan said. "Fooling the eyes of humans shouldn't be too difficult for you."

"You are completely right, but I do have a reputation to maintain," Loki said. "While I do some mischiefs here and there, I always wait for the golden opportunity. You can't imagine how delightful it is to see the fooled eyes of someone when they least expect to be tricked. To enjoy that kind of pleasure, you have to patient."

"Enough, Loki," Isis said. "Instead of talking about useless things, you should tell him about your plans. We won't be able to help neither of you directly since it might raise some suspicions after Poseidon's fall. You do have some plans, right?"

"I like to improvise as I go," Loki replied.

" Explain your goals," Isis said and then sighed.

"I want to make sure that Odin, Thor, and Baldr won't grow too much strong when with comes with their armies," Loki said. "The other Norse gods aren't much of a problem since they aren't that militaristic anymore."

"Those three loves to wage war, so once they return to Earth, the entire Europe will become an endless battlefield," Isis said. "Naturally, the ones who will suffer the most are the humans that still live there."

Ryan imagined that their followers also were some people that love to wage war. In any case, from the things he knew about the mythology, Ryan thought that it was weird that Odin would be a Nordic god that loved war. Regardless, perhaps Ryan should change his image about the elder gods. Loki's behavior was probably the main reason for that.

"While their numbers are a bit troublesome, and the fact that I am trying to fool three armies at the same time, usually, I wouldn't have problems dealing with them," Loki said. "The only thing that is getting on my way is a human, a human who received some special powers. I heard that are other people like that man in other parts of the world, them call themselves guardians and fallen."

It was actually surprising that Ryan never had any problems with them. Still, it looked like the time to face one of them finally arrived.

"I don't know his name, but he is getting famous with a certain nickname: Berserker," Loki said. "It is a pretty boring nickname, don't you think? He is probably a brain-dead warrior that only knows how to single a sword around and is working for those three."

"Probably?" Ryan asked.

"I can't find him by using any magic similar to Clairvoyance," Loki replied. "He is being protected by the magic of those three gods, other elder gods can't find them anywhere. That is why I want you to find and get rid of him. The elder gods' protection probably only works against other elder gods, but not against humans."

For someone who talked as if he liked to fool his enemies and defeat them using weapons, Loki had too little information. In any case, while they weren't a problem, for the time being, they eventually would become. Ryan had friends that eventually will have to deal with them. Mohammed and his people probably won't suffer much since they live on the other side of Europe and Isis are with them, but Natasha didn't have the help of an elder god.

"So, defeat him is my job, huh?" Ryan asked. "Well then, I am sure you have heard about me from Isis, what will I gain by helping you?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1