Chapter 670: Invitation

Chapter 670: Invitation

"Come on, Ryan, don't say that. It will be fun!" Femradiel said. "It is not every day that you have the chance to meet three elder gods in person."

"How would you know that?" Ryan asked. "Rather, why are you talking as if you want to go with me?"

"Because I want to go with you," Femradiel replied. "The only elder god we met in person was the ever so serious and extremely cautious Poseidon. He was rather dull, but it should be interesting to see others."

The last adjective Ryan would use to define Poseidon would be dull. He was a being who could survive in outer space without using any magic, and he created a massive spear that almost killed all humans on the planet, after all. In any case, meeting Isis in person might give Ryan some insight about how he should act regarding other elder gods in the future, but meeting the other two was a problem. Leaving the possibility of that being a trap aside, Ryan had no idea who the other two were, so everything could happen.

"Although I can't promise you anything, the newest contributor joined the group with you in mind. It seems he has a job for you," Isis said. "He already knows how we worked together in the last few months, so I am sure he won't offer you any work with a suitable advanced payment."

"Interesting" Ryan said. "Come to think of it, the news about this meeting Was that the bad or the good news?"

"The good news," Isis replied.

"And the bad news?" Ryan asked.

"The bad news is that my newest contribution tried to kill you once," Isis replied.

That wasn't that shocking. Isis wasn't nave enough to work with some suspicious individuals, so her newest ally proved his worth. Ryan wasn't surprised because many individuals tried to kill him. Unless they weren't one of the demon generals. Ryan probably would accept working with other dungeon masters once he receives a suitable payment, of course.

"Is your newest ally a demon?" Ryan asked.

"No," Isis replied.

"I see in that case, I guess I can meet you guys," Ryan said. "Inform this friend of yours not to disappoint me with his advanced payment."

"We already are waiting for you in my world," Isis said. "I already informed Mohammed about your arrival, so you can head straight into the dungeon."

Ryan frowned when he heard that despite his first decision, it looked like Isis already assumed that Ryan would accept the meeting. That was suspicious but maybe her contributors and would have a meeting even if Ryan weren't to show up.

Without wasting any more time, Ryan flew to Egypt. Although he tried to arrive as fast as possible, he slowed down a little bit when he received a call from Gustavo.

"Hey, Ryan," Gustavo said. "Did something happen? Poseidon's flood didn't happen today, and the monsters in the ocean left Rio de Janeiro. You fought Poseidon, didn't you?"

"That is right, he won't bother us any longer," Ryan replied.

"I knew that something was fighting him when I saw that massive explosion in the sky and when those tsunamis helped, but I didn't think it was you," Gustavo said. "Those attacks were way out of our league, so we hid underground with our allies. How did you get powerful so fast?"

"I didn't, I got lucky, and I had a somewhat good strategy to face Poseidon," Ryan replied.

In the end, Ryan decided to explain about how elder gods were highly resistant against human attacks, but they were weaker against divine attacks. Gustavo didn't understand that at the beginning. Still, then he recalled that his domain suffered a lot more damage when the flood happened instead of when the Hydras' attacked.

"Divinity, huh" Gustavo said. "It doesn't look like something everyone can obtain. My special classes certainly didn't grant me that kind of power."

"Well, you already know which classes I sacrificed to receive Lunar Arrow and the Disciple of Artemis class. It shouldn't be difficult for you guys to gain it," Ryan said. "Anyway, I need a meeting to attend to. Talk with you later."

After talking with Gustavo, Ryan hurried to Egypt. At the same time, he wondered if he should talk with his other acquaintances and reveal to them that Poseidon was no longer a problem. In the end, he decided not to. They will come to their own conclusions after a while.

Ryan's life won't get any easier from that point onward, so once he reached Cairo, he directly teleported to the purple crystal inside the dungeon. Those who were inside the dungeon didn't even have the chance to see him since he also used Invisibility.

Once Ryan reached the other side, he found himself in what seemed to be a massive oasis. Weirdly enough, he couldn't feel any monsters' presence, but he found all kinds of animals there just by looking in all directions.

"We are up here," Isis said.

Ryan looked upward only to see what seemed to be a floating castle why the elder gods like those? They probably cost a ton of mana to stay floating Ryan began to fly and then noticed that despite its size, the oasis was in the center of a massive desert as well. It was hard to know, but Ryan assumed that was what Isis wanted Egypt to become: a perfect oasis in the middle of the desert. Ryan also assumed that the desert was just a metaphor for what the world was about to become a place where nothing can grow, and many die lost in it.

When Ryan arrived at the floating castle, he saw at the top of it what seemed to be a meeting room and some powerful presence in there. He only found the place because he felt some eyes looking at him from there. After a few moments, Ryan found a weird guy with red hair and pale skin looking at him while grinning from ear to ear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1