Chapter 687: Transmuter

Chapter 687: Transmuter

After making some adjustments to his 'defense system,' Ryan decided to check things back in Sweden. The dungeon she gave to Loki in exchange for the Chronos' Ring was. At that point in time, Odin, Thor, and Baldr should already be able to manifest themselves on Earth, and since they are more straightforward warriors, Ryan imagined that they would use all their resources to get that domain back. However, not even them were attacking Loki's domain. Their monsters had already organized themselves near the dungeons in which they were spawned, but there were no movements.

"This is getting annoying," Ryan said with a fed-up expression.

"For an archer, you really are bad at waiting for the perfect moment to attack," Femradiel said. "Anyway, the next time you plan to attack an army of monsters, you should use Snow Storm instead of ThunderStorm."

"Why? I already have Electromancy," Ryan said.

"Use Poseidon's Trident. That will boost your attacks even more," Femradiel said. "Another reason for doing that is that I can feel the power of the trident growing strong with your presence. The power always increases when the Sea Lord class levels up."

Ryan furrowed his eyebrows and considered that Why would such a class interfere with the effects of the trident? Ryan considered that possibility, but maybe that was also a special class, and unlike others, it works differently. Since Ryan didn't have any reason not to check that possibility, he decided to follow Femradiel's advice.

Before taking his next step, Ryan decided to check things from above, so he teleported to high in the sky and check if any weird movements were coming from the monsters. Once he left the atmosphere, he saw the signs of a huge battle somewhere nearby Lucas' camp. After using Clairvoyance, he noticed that the demons' army was retreating, so Lucas actually succeeded in making them run.

"I guess I can leave this continent for a few hours," Ryan nodded to himself.

"Can't you just level up your skills and classes here?" Femradiel asked. "You sure like to take some huge risks."

"If I don't go this far to taunt my enemies, they won't become mad enough and make a mistake like Poseidon did," Ryan explained. "Besides, it is annoying to always be on the side that is looked down on."

"Only a fool would look down on stronger opponents," Femradiel said. "A fool or someone insane. In any case, you should at least wait for the night to make these reckless actions. At least at night, you can use Lunar Arrow."

Ryan wasn't patient enough for that, but in the end, he decided to listen to Femradiel once again. He waited until nightfall to leave the continent and then attack some dungeons that he already attacked before the ones that belonged to the Greek gods. While he was doing that to level up his classes, it was always good to do so while decreasing the forces of his possible opponents.

Ryan used the darkness of the night and the skills of the Silent Killer class to attack several armies and blow them up nearly instantly. In the end, he didn't have many clear dungeons since the number of enemies was surprisingly high, even though he defeated most of them a few weeks ago.

"Isis and her allies sure are short-handed," Ryan said and then sighed. "If they can't even put these places in check, things will only get harder in the future."

While that was only natural, given that only a few elder gods didn't want to follow the path taken by the majority, that still was troublesome. Regardless, Ryan soon achieved his goal.

Congratulations! You have reached the requirements to obtain a special class. Do you wish to sacrifice the classes: Whitesmith, Wizard, and Enchanter? Y/N?

Congratulations! You received the class Transmuter. You learned the skills: Transform, Shapeshifting, and Energy Conversion. Your intelligence and mana have increased and will increase by twelve points whenever this class level up. Your health, stamina, recovery, and willpower have increased and will increase by six points whenever this class level up.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Transform.

Effect: It grants you the power to transform things. The more complicated the transformation, the higher the level this skill will have to be. You can't transform beings that are stronger than you.

Cost: 100 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Shapeshifting.

Effect: It grants you the power to change your body at will for a time. The more complicated the change, the higher level this skill will have to be.

Cost: 100 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Energy Conversion.

Effect: It grants you the power to convert most forms of energy into other types. The more complicated a type of energy is, the higher level this skill will have to be for that to work.

You obtained 01 status points.

"This isn't anything close to what I had imagined I would obtain," Ryan frowned.

While Ryan was really interested in the Energy Conversion skill, the other two didn't seem that combat-oriented. That was weird, considering that all of the three sacrificed classes could be used in combat in some way or the other. In any case, Ryan could try Transform and Shapeshifting later, but he tested Energy Conversion right away. It was a weird feeling, but when Ryan decided to absorb sunlight, he felt his body getting lighter. Probably because he didn't decide on what he would convert energy for, but once he decided to transform into mana, he saw his mana being recovered a bit faster than usual with the skill at level one, he could absorb sunlight and convert into ten points of mana per second. It wasn't half bad, but it looked like Ryan won't have time to celebrate finding another source of energy.

"Two enemies are attacking our domain!" Femradiel suddenly said, shocked. "How did they get so close without me noticing it?"

"Are you serious?" Ryan frowned since that was a first.

"Yes, I am serious, and they are extremely powerful," Femradiel said.

Something was off Why would only two enemies attack the domain? Regardless, Ryan used everything in his possession to return to the domain as fast as possible. Then he froze in shock when he arrived and saw an archer and a mage attacking his domain.

"Mom? Dad?" Ryan opened his eyes widely.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1