Chapter 689: Not Bad

Chapter 689: Not bad

It took a while, but Femradiel's words eventually echoed in Ryan's mind and made him understand that she was right. His parents were dead, and someone brought them back as zombies to mess with his head. That was unforgivable, but before finding the bastard who did that, he had to deal with them.

" They are zombies, right?" Ryan asked. "If I use Exorcism on them"

"Don't expect that the skill of a tier-one class will solve this," Femradiel said. "Someone powerful enough to summon two souls that have been dead for over a year and even to build new bodies for them brought them here, you won't be able to stop their plans so easily."

That was logical, but Ryan didn't think of that because his mind was in a turmoil. It was almost all the experiences he obtained while fighting mythological monsters and elder gods had been forgotten, only because the two people he loved the most were part of the equation.

"We have to freeze them," Ryan said.

"That is unlikely," Femradiel said. "I can sense the same presence that came from Poseidon emanating from their weapons and armor."

"The divinity of an elder god" Ryan muttered. "It was obvious that one of them would be involved"

That was a problem, but at least Ryan recovered enough to put his mind to work a little bit. He fired several Ice Arrows toward them. Even though he didn't aim directly at them, the projectiles were repelled by arrows. Ryan barely could see the movements in his father's arms that grant them the speed to fire so many arrows in a single moment. Regardless, that made those focus their attention too much on Ryan's direct actions. They didn't notice when he turned the air around them into ice and then tried to imprison them by covering them in ice from the neck downward. However, Martha used a single spell, and that made the whole ice melt in a single instant. It was a perfect counter.

"You will have to use your attacks that cause extra damage against undead," Femradiel said. "You should have plenty of them. Those will be unnaturally stronger against their arrows and magic since even their magic attacks have a high level of corruption."

The idea of exorcising his parents was something that Ryan decided to do in order to give them some peace. However, the concept of damaging them still made him hesitate. Even though he didn't have a single idea of what happens to the spirit of zombies that die once again.

As he proceeded to analyze the situation, Ryan couldn't help but wonder what was the end goal of who turned his parents into zombies, turn his mind into a mess couldn't be the only true objective. Regardless, Ryan summoned a random bow and then used Holy Enchantment. The damage would be only, but that much was fine since I still wanted to see the effects of his attacks before dealing with that problem once and for all.

Even though the attacks were much weaker than the best shots Ryan could do, he noticed that his father and mother focusing more on the torrent of attacks fired toward them. Almost as if they could sense the holy magic and wanted to avoid it at all costs. Once Ryan confirmed that he summoned his Holy Crossbow and then attacked. Suddenly, his parents changed their tactics. They began to fly to the side. His father focused on attacking the barrier. His mother created some steel walls to block the attacks those were highly effective. As expected, things will take too long if Ryan stays inside his domain and pull his punches.

"Someone wants to lure us out of this place by using my parents" Ryan finally concluded. "Do you sense any unusual presence nearby?"

"No, I can't sense a single presence in dozens of kilometers," Femradiel said. "Either someone planned this, on their presence scared every single monster and even demons."

Ryan didn't consider that demons would feel fear, but even if that were possible, it seemed too far-fetched. Still, for some reason, Ryan felt like that made sense even if the demons aren't scared, their master decided to play it safely once he felt the presence of Ryan's parents.

"Femradiel, if I give you time, can you gather enough mana to freeze everything below their necks?" Ryan asked.

"I can, but I can't see how that will solve the problem," Femradiel replied.

"It is fine. I just want to test a few things and then try a few others," Ryan said. "Get ready."

Femradiel nodded, and then Ryan attacked his parents for a while, making them think that Ryan wasn't planning anything other than usual. It was weird if he was really fighting them or someone controlling them, but soon Ryan will discover it.

Ryan and Femradiel suddenly teleported to behind Isaac and Martha. Before they could react in any way, Ryan used Chronos Ring. For a while, those two froze in place. The time magic was working, and Femradiel began to prepare, but they suddenly began to move again. Isaac and Martha tried to escape the time domain, but they collided against an ice barrier that Ryan created.

In his draconic form, Ryan was pointing his arms to the side and focusing on using all his mana to envelop the area with ice magic. He used the same trick against the specters, and Ryan used it again because he knew that their master was the same who were controlling their parents somewhere in his mind. From all the elder gods, demon generals, and dungeon masters who Ryan talked about so far, only one of them promised Ryan that he would suffer terrible revenge Thanatos, the Greek god of death.

"You are there, aren't you, Thanatos?" Ryan asked while showing his eyes full of anger like never before. "Tell me where you are, so I can go and kick your ass right now."

"Oh? You noticed that I was controlling them," A cold voice coming from behind Isaac and Martha echoed through the time domain. "Not bad, for a human."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1