Chapter 683: Warlock

Chapter 683: Warlock

Ryan decided to watch the demons' movements for the time being. Thanks to that, he noticed that Daniel and his groupies were moving alongside other survivors to face Lilith and her underlings. As crazy as they were, they decided to trust that Ryan wouldn't be able to stop Baal in case he decides to move North and decimate the rest of the country. However, they didn't do such a thing. They only organized their armies and hunted the monsters of the nearby dungeons They were sharpening their fangs.

"I can't just watch them increase their strength and not do the same," Ryan muttered.

Ryan had some skills and classes that would help him in the fight against demons, but he wanted more. So, he decided to look for the dungeons that he didn't clear and for new types of those classes. Naturally, he couldn't just leave and search. So, he used Clairvoyance, and after confirming and preparing that he would go and return as fast as possible by using potions, Ryan left for those places. Unfortunately, his luck wasn't good.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guardian, Sentinel, and Warlock.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Warlock!

You obtained the following skills: Shadow Sphere, Fear, and Summon Imp.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Shadow Sphere.

Effect: A sphere made of energy that increases the weight of your targets by one percent per level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Fear.

Effect: It grants you the power to induce a target into the fear status, decreasing their strength and speed by fifty points per level.

Cost: 50 mana per second

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Summon Imp.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon an imp. A magical creature that is able to torment your foes.

Cost: 2500 mana

You obtained 01 status point.

"You have got to be kidding me," Ryan facepalmed. "I want classes that help me fight demons, not summon them."

Ryan soon returned to his domain since he didn't have time to feel troubled outside his domain. After a long sigh, Ryan saw Femradiel fighting. It looked like she wasn't the best watchdog since she didn't notice his return. She was too focused on killing monsters. Thanks to that, Ryan couldn't help but wonder, did he also look like that when he is focused on fighting? Femradiel looked pretty cool from his perspective.

"It is probably the gap" Ryan said and then shrugged. "Ultimately, she is always doing stupid things, so the image of her training seriously looks impressive."

After checking his domain and upgrading it, Ryan rechecked the demons' base. Despite their crazy behavior, they still were patiently waiting for the right moment to attack, and Ryan had no idea when that would be. If he were in their position, he would wipe out all the humans and monsters in the country and use all the resources obtained to build a domain that would take the whole continent. While that was his ultimate goal as a human, Ryan knew that he would never reach that level since it would be a pain to keep all the dungeons inside in check. Still, he couldn't understand why a crazy group like the demons weren't doing that.

At some point, Ryan grew tired of waiting. Perhaps he made a mistake trying to play it safe, considering that the demons just obtained a domain on their own. He should have attacked at the very first moment and then made sure to keep them in check at all times, even if it was a bit reckless. Still, attacking directly didn't seem like a good idea. So, Ryan decided to use his usual method of harassment.

When a group of demons left to their usual task of hunting and killing the monsters of a certain dungeon. Ryan made a tower of fire golems appear right in the middle of that, and then he instantly ordered for them to self-destruct.

You obtained 785 coins.

You obtained 785 coins.

You obtained 785 coins.

The class: Demon hunter has reached level 32.

Ryan had to use fifty golems to kill only fifty demons, but he achieved his goal in the end. He decimated the entire group without leaving a single trace of their bodies.

"This is boring" Ryan said.

Ryan didn't want to overuse his draconic powers, but in the end, that feeling when he was in that form was hard to forget. Feeling that he could do almost everything even decimate a demons' horde by himself. Besides, after staying on the offensive for so long, waiting for the start of a new fight didn't suit him.

"Ryan, I think I have a problem," Lucas suddenly said via Telepathic link.

Truth to be told, Ryan was already expecting that call. Lucas's camp in Colombia wasn't that far away from the demons' dungeon. It was only a matter of time before Mephisto, who almost killed Ryan, but killed some survivors that fought alongside him for quite a while, would do something. He seemed one of the craziest demon generals.

"It is about the demons?" Ryan asked.

"Yes but not only about that," Lucas said. "Their numbers are already impressive, but it looks like another army of monsters joined them. If my guess is right, the demon generals that you mentioned created other armies, aside from the ones that suit them most. They are leaving dozens of demons around certain dungeons to kill the monsters that don't follow them and to make sure that my people won't use them either."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1