Chapter 685: Demon Slayer Crossbow

Chapter 685: Demon Slayer Crossbow

It took Ryan a whole day for him to put his idea into action. He only worked with that in mind, he barely had time to train any skill, and despite that, he used dozens of millions of coins. However, he eventually succeeded in charging Chronos Ring.

Ryan teleported to the middle of the demons' army when many of them were leaving to wipe out the monsters in the area. Just by thinking, the effects of the ring began to work. Still, the range of the ring was only one hundred meters around Ryan. He stopped hundreds of monsters from moving, but the vast majority around still could notice that something was happening. However, before they could do anything, Ryan and Femradiel eliminated the monsters inside the domain and then proceeded to attack the others.

From the demons' perspective, the two invaders used some sort of spell to paralyze the enemies around, and when they got too close, they were stuck in the time trap. Although they were being controlled by Baal, in the end, they were vicious demons. They couldn't control their bloodthirst. The very moment a target showed up so close, they tried to eliminate it.

"It looks like everything is fine as long as our attacks don't leave the range of the ring," Ryan said while he was emanating a cold area in his human form that was powerful enough to freeze even the high-leveled demons in just a matter of moments.

"You are really bad at using magic. With your status and skills, you should be able to turn them into ice statues instantly," Femradiel said.

Ryan ignored Femradiel's nagging because he was more worried about using Chronos Ring. Was it a good idea to use such an item against small fries? Maybe not, but Ryan had to test it in combat against high-leveled enemies. Besides, he also needed to test how much Baal could see his troops getting decimated. In the end, after killing ten thousand or so demons, Ryan retreated. Baal didn't show, but the remaining demons managed to retreat to the domain. Fortunately, Ryan discovered that he could stop the Chronos Ring at any moment, so he didn't have to charge totally every single time.

"The trick of using this is by using sparingly" Ryan nodded to himself in satisfaction. "Now about this"

Demon Slayer Crossbow (+ 14)

Effect: It grants you a bonus of fourteen extra percent damage when attacking demons.

Dexterity + 240, Intelligence + 240

Durability: 360/360

After storing away his new weapon, Ryan pondered about his first use of time magic it was beyond anything he had seen so far. So, if there is an elder god or dungeon master out there who can manipulate time, does he have any chance against them? The answer was no.

"According to Greek mythology, Zeus rebelled against his father Chronos, god of time and king of the titans," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "After a lot of drama and weird events, Zeus overthrew his father, and then he created the Olympus after the great titan war the question is: is Chronos still alive?"

Considering that Zeus won, the power of time isn't absolute at least in a fight. Still, Ryan was really interested in that power. It was a pity he didn't find a single skill in the dungeon shop that granted him the power to manipulate time in any aspect. Like Lunar Arrow, that would be a pretty decent weapon against the elder gods. Still, if that were something to acquire, all the elder gods should have that power. If they do not, Ryan was getting pretty ahead of himself by thinking that he could do something that they never did in thousands of years.

Regardless, if Ryan were to obtain that power, it will come to him eventually. Right now, he has to consider how he can defeat the demons by using the things he has. Improving the Chronos Ring was probably possible, and thus the effective range will decrease all the demerits of the relic. Still, he will have to find monsters that can control time.

"Alright, that is discarded," Ryan said. "What else can I do right now to get in the way of my enemies?"

Surprise attacks weren't so bad, but they will work only on enemies that don't have domains. While Ryan also thought they were boring, he couldn't just not use them. He could make his army fight theirs, but the difference in power was so big that they wouldn't be able to do anything unless he had five more monsters on his side.

For moments like that, Ryan had decided to create a domain and attack the enemies' bases. Still, that plan had been discarded a long time ago. Suddenly, Ryan had a certain idea, it wasn't the best plan for attacking, but it was a pretty good one for defense. Since he couldn't use Clairvoyance inside other people's domain, his enemies couldn't see what he would do as well, so that was perfect.

Even though Ryan had almost all the skills to put that plan into motion, that took quite a while. However, once everything was finished everything, he felt like leaving his domain and checking other dungeons to use Elven Mastery without thinking too much about it.

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Femradiel asked.

Femradiel asked because she was too absorbed in her training, so she didn't see what Ryan had planned or did it. In the end, Ryan only shrugged at her. It was hard to know if she was underestimating his crazy ideas or if she trusts too much in Ryan since she was taking the guard duty less and less seriously.

As far as Femradiel could tell, nothing had changed in the domain, so it was hard for her to imagine what Ryan did. Despite that, she decided to go with Ryan to clear some dungeons as well. In the end, just to make sure that Ryan hadn't lost his mind, she decided to focus her senses on the domain in order to see when any other monster army approaches it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1