Chapter 680: Electromancy

Chapter 680: Electromancy

You obtained 75.523.362 coins.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 30 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 26th

You obtained: Electromancy tome.

In the end, Ryan's ranking increased While he could have taken the third position if he had fought and won alone, he couldn't care less about it. He was only regretting a little bit because he could have obtained more powerful items or more useful spells.

"Oh, you gained a tome, too?" Femradiel asked while she was holding a domain stone and a tome that Ryan identified and saw that it was a Magic Sword tome.

Although it was a bit shocking, it wasn't weird that Femradiel would become so fast a member of the one hundred strongest humans. After all, she was essential in Alfur's defeat. Regardless, instead of worrying about that. Ryan proceeded to cremate Alfur's body. It will be a pain if someone turns him into a zombie. Besides, he had to finish his job. Unfortunately, the monsters weren't going to cooperate. They were spreading around the countries in order to make his job as much tricky as possible.

"Oh? You did it," Loki suddenly said via Telepathy. "I didn't think you would succeed, but I am glad that I was wrong."

"It is a bit too soon to celebrate," Ryan said. "I am going to hunt the others, I still have a few more hours and now that this fellow died, I don't have to worry about being surrounded."

"Ah, you shouldn't relax yet," Loki said. "I don't know if those three are using other humans like him, but the chances aren't that small. You should retreat while you can. Speaking of which, here is your reward."

Ryan received the Light Solidification time, and while his job was over, he didn't feel like leaving yet. He had dungeons to clear, and more important than that, he had to claim ownership over the domain.

"I guess our business is over, but I will stay here for a while, I need to set this domain and obtain new classes," Ryan said. "Perhaps, I will be able to lock those three elder gods inside the domain Come to think of it, I don't know if it can be attacked from inside."

"It can, that is why you shouldn't waste time with that," Loki said. "You should leave it to me."

"Why should I?" Ryan asked. "The job didn't mention anything about the domain, so it is mine now that I defeated Alfur."

"Don't you want to stay on my good side? You should leave this domain to me" Loki said with an ominous voice.

"I don't really care about that," Ryan shrugged and then teleported to the next dungeon.

"Sheesh, you are hard to negotiate with," Loki said. "What do you want in exchange for this domain?"

"I don't know, why don't you give me a fair offer?" Ryan asked.

Truth to be told, Ryan wouldn't gain much by obtaining control of a domain where Odin, Thor, and Baldr would soon come to rule. In the end, that domain will only become a minor pain in their backs, and Ryan couldn't use the coins and the mana gained inside it freely. Loki would be able to use it better, but Ryan wouldn't give him that so easily.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guardian, Dark Slayer, and Royal Mage.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Royal Mage!

You obtained the following skills: Chain Lightning, Dispel, and Flame Guardian.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your health, stamina, mentality, and recovery will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Chain Lightning.

Effect: It grants you the power to cast a lightning bolt that will cause half of the total damage on all enemies around the target.

Cost: 1000 mana

Range: 30 meters per level.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Dispel.

Effect: It grants you the power to cancel or decrease the effects of a buff spell on the enemy based on your skill level.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Flame Guardian.

Effect: It grants you the power to summon a special fire monster that can't move but can attack all the enemies within range. The Flame Guardian also decreases the effect of water-related spells and increases the power of fire-related spells based on the level of the skill.

Cost: 1000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

In the end, Loki stayed silent for a while, trying to look for something that would satisfy Ryan. Loki was a bit insane and unstable, but he was no fool, so he knew that Ryan wouldn't accept something cheap in exchange for the domain. Meanwhile, Ryan decided to clear the dungeons that the monsters left behind. Only half of the ogres had been slain, but it looked like Loki was satisfied with that. That was odd, or perhaps he had his own way to deal with them before his three enemies finally returned to Earth.

"Maybe I will miss this, but who cares?" Loki suddenly said and then made a certain ring appear right in front of Ryan. "I already had my fair share of fun using it. Using the same trick over and over again isn't fun."

Chronos' Ring.

Effect: It grants you the power to stop the flow of time inside a certain area. Those inside the time field will have the chance to do whatever they want for one hour's time. This ring needs to be fully charged to be used, and attacking those outside the field will cancel its effects.

Mana: 0/10.000.000.000

Durability: ???/???

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1