Chapter 682: Troublesome Question

Chapter 682: Troublesome question

Ryan planned on attacking the demons' army from above, but then he gave up on that when he suddenly saw a domain being formed there. As expected, one of the humans that joined the demons' side and reached the rank of the strongest humans. That was annoying since Ryan knew no humans corrupted by the demons' magic could have done that. Only those that became their allies on their free will.

Destroying the domain was something that Ryan could do, but not unless he had some time to prepare. Compared to what he saw before, when Baal and Alissa fought, Ryan was almost sure that he surpassed his level of power. But in the end, Baal didn't sweat even a little bit during that fight.

"I need to check the other dungeons" Ryan said.

Ryan checked Lilith's dungeon and then saw that the monsters there were at level 990. Mephisto's dungeon was in 986 Ryan's level of anger increased. Now that he thought about it, it was weird that the demons didn't cause many problems lately. They probably understood that they needed to change their methods after seeing how quickly Poseidon returned.

"There is another dungeon in Russia, and one of them inside my domain" Ryan said. "Most likely, they belong to different demon generals, but there is one missing it is weird that I only found five dungeons. They are trying to gain resources by using other types of demons."

"What are we going to do?" Femradiel asked.

"Strengthen our defenses," Ryan replied. "If I were to attack one of the dungeons, the other would attack me from behind. Lilith's dungeon probably can break in just a couple of hours once some of the succubi begin to fight each other."

"I think so too I guess I will focus on getting stronger for the time being," Femradiel said, and then she stretched her arms. "Right now, I am not good enough in a fight against numbers. We can fight against one army of demons, but against two in a defensive position, we will have a hard time."

Ryan nodded after hearing that. While his dexterity increased thanks to Alfur exponentially, Ryan still wanted to use Wolf's Greed to further increase it. Hopefully, he will be able to strengthen his domain to protect him once Baal and Lilith show up.

"It looks like we overlooked another type of troublesome group," Isis suddenly said via Telepathy. "To think that the elder gods would lag behind this type of creature"

"Are demons much different from elder gods? You know, most people treated all of you like creatures that doesn't exist," Ryan asked. "From my perspective, you all are mythological beings."

"Don't say this to all elder gods. Many of us will feel really pissed if compared to them," Isis said. "How can I explain this? Do you know that all demons are fallen, angels? In his rebellion against the Christian God, Lucifer convinced one-third of the angels to follow him. Once they rebelled against their creator, they became sinful creatures and corrupted creatures. That is why high-leveled demons can change the behavior of humans drastically just by touching them."

"So, the difference between demons and elder gods is that they have high levels of corruption," Ryan said. "Anything else?"

"They want to obtain the power to rebel against their God again," Isis replied. "To do so, they need to become stronger, and they don't care about decimating all humans since Lucifer rebelled because he was jealous of your race. Since they have a high level of divinity, they feel more important than the elder gods, so they also hate us and want to decimate all of us."

"Interesting" Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "So, Lunar Arrow will be highly effective against them. That is good to know."

"That is not completely correct," Isis said. "Their high level of divinity isn't the only thing they have in their favor"

"Ah the corruption level," Ryan said.

"That is right, divinity and corruption are like two opposite forces, but both of them are highly deadly against humans," Isis added. "Thanks to that, they have a high tolerance against beings with a high level of divinity and corruption. That is why your friend didn't even scratch Baal."

"You know about that, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

"Don't make that face," Isis said. "I didn't read your mind. At that moment, some elder gods were monitoring the demons, so I heard it from them."

Maybe Isis was lying, but Ryan doubted that was the case. After all, mind reading can only work when someone is thinking about things related to certain subjects, and Ryan never thought about that fight after he met Isis.

"The elder gods of Egypt will return alongside the Greek gods," Isis said. "So, we won't be able to do anything against demons. Doing anything right now will be too difficult since they will have more time to organize. If they attack you, I won't be able to help all that much. Neither will Athena or Loki, so I would like to suggest you to stay on the defensive for the time being."

Ryan's plans never involved counting on others, so Isis's warning didn't change anything. Besides, Ryan's interaction with the elder gods, at least from his perspective, was only business-like. He received payment from them to help them, but he couldn't, nor did he want to pay them for their help.

After Isis canceled the telepathic link, Ryan resumed his actions and summoned skeleton archers, and created those iron towers. Most of the demons could fly, after all.

While he was preparing, Ryan couldn't help but sigh. The new age of gods was finally starting in earnest. Things were getting out of hand, demons trying to decimate humans out of jealousy and in order to ultimately rebel against their creator. Elder gods are returning to Earth, and three of them will arrive at the same time on that day. Ryan got in the way of all of them, so he probably will be their target as if things weren't enough, Alissa disappeared into a world of dragons Ryan's life was getting tougher by the minute.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1