Chapter 686: Elemental Knight

Chapter 686: Elemental Knight

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Elemental Knight, Ranger, and Teacher.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Elemental Knight!

You obtained the following skills: Flame Slash, Frozen Slash, and Electric Slash.

Your strength and intelligence will increase by six points. Your mana, stamina, health, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Flame Slash.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire an elemental wave of flames that can cause physical and magical damage equal to twenty percent of your strength and intelligence per level.

Range: 20 meters per level

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Frozen Slash.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire an elemental wave of ice that can cause physical and magical damage equal to twenty percent of your strength and intelligence per level.

Range: 20 meters per level

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Electric Slash.

Effect: It grants you the power to fire an elemental wave of electricity that can cause physical and magical damage equal to twenty percent of your strength and intelligence per level.

Range: 20 meters per level

Cost: 200 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

It took a while, but in the end, Ryan found a dungeon that he didn't clear and thus obtained a new class. He had a map of the country, and he was slowly marking the dungeons' locations there, so, in the future, he won't have to waste time clearing an old one thinking it was a new dungeon. In any case, Femradiel was getting impatient since Ryan was taking his sweet time to use magic to defeat the monsters. That takes considerably more time when compared to when he uses bows and crossbows. Fortunately, she eventually found a good reason to stop that day.

"An army of demons is marching toward the domain," Femradiel said.

"Is there a particularly powerful demon among them?" Ryan asked.

"No, but their numbers still are high," Femradiel replied. "Twenty thousand demons will arrive in our domain in less than ten minutes."

"They are pretty close your senses are getting dull, Femradiel," Ryan said.

"You can complain once you can do it better," Femradiel crossed her arms and then said, visibly impatient.

"I guess you are right," Ryan shrugged.

In the end, Ryan didn't rush to his domain because he was worried, but because he wanted to receive and see the results of his plans. When the demons got close enough to attack the barrier with long-ranged attacks, suddenly, the ground below them exploded, and they were attacked by a massive wave of mana. Hundreds of them died instantly. Even those that could fly failed at escaping the massive barrage of attacks. Femradiel frowned when she saw that since Ryan didn't have that kind of attack, but eventually, she understood what had happened.

Congratulations! Your class: Whitesmith has reached level 87.

Congratulations! Your class: Whitesmith, has reached level 88.

Congratulations! Your class: Whitesmith, has reached level 89.

Ryan had hidden underground thousands of battle-machines. It has been a while since he used those. Still, he didn't forget how useful they could be in the right circumstances.

"Your skeletons would be more effective in this kind of surprise attack," Femradiel said. "Even demons wouldn't notice their presence underground."

"True, but I didn't use battle machines without reason," Ryan said, and then he used Draconic Transformation.

While the battle machines were killing hundreds of demons every second, their batteries won't last forever. Ryan couldn't give a chance to the demon's escape, so he decided to finish the rest of the things by himself and thus achieve his next goal.

In order to make sure that no demon was going to escape, Ryan summoned a Thunder Storm, and lightning bolts began to fall from the sky and fry up the flying demons in droves. Although the level of the skill was, Ryan's status in his draconic form made up for it.

Congratulations! Your class: Wizard, has reached level 93.

Congratulations! Your class: Wizard has reached level 94.

"That is not fair," Femradiel said, and then she began to freeze some demons that were faster than others. "You have to warn me of this kind of plan beforehand."

"It is your fault for not paying attention to your surroundings," Ryan said. "Anyway my classes are leveling up faster than usual. Is it because of the number of demons or the difference in power between my skills and their skills? Either way, this is good."

Ryan's next short-term goal was to sacrifice some magic classes and see what he could get. The closest ones of reaching the max level were Sorcerer, Whitesmith, and Enchanter. Although Whitesmith also used ores to work, it definitely was a magical class, so Ryan was expecting a good thing coming out from that combination. Still, even Ryan couldn't help but worry about Baal's actions at that point in time. He already lost thirty thousand demons in a few days, so why wasn't he doing anything?

"Femradiel, did you notice any weird movements in the monsters in the area?" Ryan asked.

"Nope, do you think he is going to do the same as Mephisto and then use several armies of monsters to attack your domain?" Femradiel asked.

"At this point in time, I have no idea what to think about his intentions," Ryan replied.

After decimating the demons, Ryan decided to gather the loot and think about the possibilities. Still, in the end, he couldn't find any logical thinking that could explain Baal's actions. It would be weird if he was waiting for the other demon generals also to be able to manifest themselves on Earth. After all, they didn't seem like a cooperative bunch.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1