Chapter 699: Last Attack

Chapter 699: Last attack

Ryan clicked his tongue when he saw the motion that Dracula made. He was getting confident in his plan, but then that asshole made a mess out of everything. As the dark sphere flew, it made a sound that made Ryan sweat cold. It wasn't loud or anything, but it emitted an acute sound, as if it devoured everything in its path, being it oxygen or anything else. Maybe thanks to that, the dark sphere hit the ice mountain that Ryan and Femradiel created instantly.

Just as Ryan had imagined, the dark sphere consumed the ice as if it was a black hole. However, it wasn't that fast probably because of the vast concentration of mana that Ryan and Femradiel put in there. The ice on the sides was completely ignored, so Ryan and Femradiel use Cryomancy together in order to make it surround the dark sphere. Both of them reached the same conclusion. The dark sphere was a concentration of energy that consumed everything, but it grew smaller every time it happened.

In the end, their hard work paid off. They blocked the attack with just enough room to create a massive fifty-meter-long spear with the remaining ice. Ryan fired the spear after activating Perfect Aim and Deadly Aim. Dracula tried to fly away from the projectile, but he failed and, in the end, he had to stop the massive spear with both hands. A lot of blood fell from his hands, but ultimately, the spear decreased in size until it disappeared. He absorbed the mana in it

"How annoying" Ryan said.

"It could be worse if the other vampires could also steal your mana from a distance," Femradiel said.

Ryan couldn't help but wonder if he would try to fight like that even when thousands of enemies would try to steal his mana and health. But it would be weird that even normal vampires would have that ability. Regardless, they will have to persevere for a while longer until the vampires run out of mana and they become unable to keep Ryan and Femradiel on ground level. They will have to conserve their forces and then try to kill Dracula with a single attack, but to do that, they will need to come up with a plan after watching a little more of his skills.

Ryan imagined that Dracula would attack with another super powerful skill. Still, instead of that, he was just floating in the sky and watching them. That was weird why not use the chance that his minions were giving him?

"I guess this is only natural," Femradiel said. "It would be weird if someone like him had an even more powerful attack than that dark sphere of energy."

"I see so he is trying to come up with a way to defeat us without relying on that since it is already obvious that we can counter it," Ryan nodded.

"He is a hybrid fighter. He uses magic and physical attacks as well," Femradiel added. "So, the chances of him coming up with any complex strategy is quite low. That being said, we need to be careful."

Instead of being careful, Ryan wanted to deal with him as soon as possible. The best moment to defeat someone is when they are hesitating or are confused. Dracula doesn't have a clear plan on how to defeat Ryan, so he couldn't find a more perfect moment. Besides, things will get messy if the fragments of Ryan's parents that Femradiel felt a few days ago get involved in the battle. Ryan won't be able to keep his head cool while fighting them, after all.

If Ryan waits for two hours, the sun will help him, but he doubted that Dracula and his minions will just keep fighting. So, time was against both sides.

"I have an idea," Femradiel suddenly said. "If we succeed, we will be able to surprise all of them and create the perfect moment to slay him. However, this plan will only work once, so you will have to attack with all of your might once the chance appears."

Femradiel's plans usually were pretty good, so Ryan decided to hear her. As expected, it was very simple, but Ryan could easily see that working. So, he decided to bet everything on that.

When Dracula recovered from the shock of the failure, he tried to drain Ryan's mana as fast as he could and from a safe distance. Still, then he stopped when Femradiel suddenly disappeared. Dracula and his minions felt her presence right above them and almost touching the barrier and right in front of her, a massive ice hammer being swung toward Dracula. The vampires tried to stop her, but they weren't fast enough. Even Dracula failed at using Teleport on time, and in the end, he was hit by the hammer.

Dracula's body only moved a few meters downward, but that had been just enough for Ryan to grab him with both hands by surprise. When the vampires tried to stop Femradiel with gravity, they let Ryan free to move. The vampires increased the gravity on him again, and Dracula tried to free himself. At the same time, he drained his health, but in the end, he stopped when Ryan made several arrows made of sunlight appear right above Dracula. The arrows hit the creature's head, and then the monster began to burn, but not even that was enough to kill him. Ryan fired dozens of arrows, but the king of the vampires still was surviving. Even amidst the pain and agony, he still could steal Ryan's health and recover himself.

In the end, Ryan went as far as moving Dracula's head and then used the last arrows to damage him and then forcefully wound his mouth until he was forced to swallow one of them. Once that happened, Dracula trembled like a leaf and stopped struggling and using all of his skills. Still, the fight wasn't over. All of the vampires flew toward Ryan as if their lives depended on it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1