Chapter 693: Battlefield

Chapter 693: Battlefield

With the exception of the copies of his parents and the three Indian archers, Ryan didn't see a single human flying. As for the battle that happened at the bottom of the mountain, Ryan didn't watch all that much since all he could see were zombies being tossed around. It looked like they were a bit stronger thanks to the dark weapons. Still, even though their numbers were twenty times higher, the zombies couldn't defeat the Indian survivors.

They numbered a little more than one thousand, but they sure could fight in unison as they charged and destroyed the formation of the zombies' army. Things weren't much different in the sky. The copies of Ryan's parents were making a rain of projectiles and magic fly over the three flying archers, but their speed was superb. Not a single projectile hit them. Ryan doubted that they could be even faster than him on his draconic form, but they were much more skillful with their movements while flying.

"Hey, Ryan," Femradiel said. "What do you think will happen if you transform those zombies into weapons and then use Weapon Assimilation? I think there is a small chance that you might gain their levels in some classes. Perhaps even a class that you don't have."

" I think that is unlikely," Ryan replied after thinking for a few moments. "Even if they bring the same strength and techniques they had in life, I don't think that all that experience will be stored in a weapon. That would be way too weird. If they had that knowledge, they wouldn't be so easily manipulated by the caster of the spell"

Ryan watched the fight for quite a while before he realized that it was time to intervene. Despite that, he had a hard time keeping his head cool. Seeing his parents being controlled was almost unbearable. However, the weirdness of the situation forced him to analyze things even further. As expected, their weapons were too strong, but Ryan couldn't feel a powerful magic presence coming from them. Another thing that was weird was why Thanatos split his parents' souls and created several vessels for them. He could have defeated Ryan and Femradiel if Thanatos had put all his focus on creating only one body for each and assimilating all that power but it looked like for some reason, he couldn't do it.

Ryan decided to join the fight when eighty percent of the zombie's army was defeated. He had considered that Thanatos would somehow revive them, but the Indian soldiers prevented that by using holy magic. Causing enough damage with that type of attack would make the zombies' bodies unable to hold their souls inside.

In the end, Ryan waited for the exact moment all the copies of his parents would try to retreat at the same time. He teleported to the right in front of them and then used the Chronos' Ring. When Thanatos controlling them realized what was going on, it was already too late. By working together, Ryan and Femradiel created an ice barrier that cut all external contact and the zombies became free from Thanatos' control.

Femradiel was right about the corruption level in Ryan's powers without Thanatos controlling them. The zombies were enveloped entirely by Chronos Ring's effects, so Ryan had an easy time sealing them inside the crossbows. Deep down, Ryan imagined that he would hear his parents' voices once he collected enough of their fragments, but while he could feel their presence, he couldn't sense any will in there.

Incomplete Hunter's Heart (27%)

Effect: It grants additional damage of one percent per minute when fighting against the same opponent, up to twenty-seven percent.

Dexterity + 270, intelligence + 270.

Durability: 135/135

Incomplete Sorcerer's Soul (27%)

Effect: It grants additional magic damage of one percent per minute when fighting against the same opponent, up to twenty-seven percent.

Dexterity + 270, intelligence + 270.

Durability: 135/135

Ryan sighed in relief when he noticed his success and saw the bodies turned into dust. In the end, those bodies were fakes made by Thanatos to fool him and make them able to fight in many places at the same time.

"Thanatos divided the spirits of your parents into thirty or so parts," Femradiel said. "I can't understand why, but eventually we will. Still, now his armies will be on high-alert."

"It doesn't matter," Ryan said. "I will restore their souls and then make Thanatos regret this, no matter what."

Ryan and Femradiel noticed that the Indian soldiers stopped their fight because they didn't know if that sphere of ice belonged to an enemy or an ally. If Ryan had time to do that, he would greet them since they were fighting for humanity, but he didn't. So, he only teleported to Thanatos' dungeon.

When Ryan and Femradiel arrived at the nearest city, they found Thanatos' dungeon. Naturally, zombies weren't being spawned there. Those who were doing that were another type of undead creature: liches.

Lich Lv 871

Health: 15.000/15.000

Mana: 72.000/72.000

Stamina: 21.000/21.000

Strength: 1900 (+ 200)

Dexterity: 5100 (+ 800)

Speed: 1400 (+ 100)

Intelligence: 12.100 (+ 1800)

Endurance: 2100 (+ 400)

Control: 4900 (+ 600)

Mentality: 7900 (+ 1600)

Luck: 2000 (+ 300)

Recovery: 28.000 (+ 5000)

Willpower: 7900 (+ 1600)

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills:

Passive Physical Skills: Improved Intelligence Lv 850, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 470, Augmented Intelligence Lv 220

Spells: Cursed Ray Lv 860, Gravity Lv 650, Dark Sphere Lv 490

Support Skills: Cold Resistance Lv 520, Electric Resistance Lv 480, Shock Resistance Lv 420, Fire Resistance Lv 520, Cursed Resistance Lv 690

Liches were essentially humans who had pointy ears but looked pretty unhealthy with their grey skin. For some reason, it looked like all of them were mages by nature since they were wearing a dark cloak and had some wands. Ryan's blood began to boil while imagining that his parents' soul had been tainted by those dirt monsters. Still, he couldn't just dash ahead and kill them all since their numbers were close to twenty thousand, or could he?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1