Chapter 692: Weird

Chapter 692: Weird

"Are you sure that you felt Thanatos' presence there?" Ryan frowned. "We can't afford to make a mistake now knowing what is hanging in the balance."

"Yeah, it was a really weird presence," Femradiel said. "It resembled Thanatos, but it was at the same time demonic-like and a bit similar to Yahiko's."

Ryan furrowed his eyebrows when he heard that. How could a single presence be similar to a presence with divinity, corruption, and it also felt like a guardian?

"What about my parents?" Ryan asked.

"I don't feel their presence," Femradiel said.

Unless he was insane or stupid, Thanatos would use Ryan's parents to defend his dungeons. Three months had passed since the day he said to Ryan that he found the perfect way to defeat him, so he spent a fair amount of time giving Ryan's parents enough power to cause him trouble, so it would be a waste not to use them to certain things like in the defense of his dungeons. Someone suspicious was in Romania, but it wasn't Ryan's target.

"I will investigate that country later, focus on finding my parents' presence," Ryan said.

Ryan had a certain idea of what he would find in that country, and then he recalled that Loki gave him one thing that might come in handy in that place. Now that he thought about it, Loki also gave him the Chronos Ring. Thanks to it, Ryan discovered that his parents were being controlled by Thanatos he sure was being useful, too much useful. Suspiciously useful

"He couldn't have predicted this, could he?" Ryan muttered.

"It is getting kind of hard to identify all those presences," Femradiel said. "There are too many elder gods nearby the Mediterranean."

"Well, the first human civilizations were born around this area, so it is no surprise that they would use this place again since they lived in this area a long time ago," Ryan explained.

Since Russia was just too large, Ryan decided to check the Middle Orient first. There were many smaller countries there, so it would be easier to find the dungeon. His guess was correct, but not entirely correct. Femradiel found some presences that resembled his parents but near India.

"I guess it is then, I feel like sixteen of their presences in that direction, and they are fighting," Femradiel said.

"Fighting then, it seems Thanatos has some enemies in that direction," Ryan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "According to Yahiko, India has many fallen and guardians, and they were fighting for hegemony. Who are they fighting against?"

That was a tricky question. Putting in simpler terms, guardians like Yahiko were fighting for humanity. Still, Ryan knew that some of them wouldn't think twice about killing humans if they think that is better for the world. In the end, Ryan didn't have much intel to conclude anything. So, he decided to check things with his own eyes.

After flying for a few hours, making sure that his presence was well-hidden, Ryan finally saw a few things. He saw an army of zombies nearby a place called Hyderabad in Pakistan, and they were marching toward the East. Ryan saw his parents leading the zombie army. There was no mistake. A dungeon that belonged to Thanatos was close by.

"That asshole it looks like he loves to play with other people's dignity," Ryan clenched his teeth in anger. "Still, something is off here"

Ryan and Femradiel passed by a pretty large survivors' camp before finding the zombies' army. So, it was weird that instead of increasing their army, they were marching toward India.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Classes:

Combat: Zombie Lv Max

Non-Combatant: Lost Soul Lv Max

"As expected," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "Still, why could I see my parents' names but not these guys?"

"Probably because Thanatos worked a bit harder to strengthen your parents," Femradiel replied.

Once again, Femradiel made sense, but Ryan still felt like something was amiss the reason for that was the fact that the zombies were fighting using weapons, just like his parents those dark weapons. They seemed rather powerful, but even Ryan could feel ominous energy coming from them.

After thinking for a while, Ryan understood what was happening Thanatos revived those that survived after the monsters' arrival and gained some decent amount of power. That was why they could use weapons and use them well, and that was why they had the Zombie and Lost Soul classes.

Those thoughts disappeared from Ryan's mind when he saw the army of zombies being attacked when they were about to climb a mountain. A group of flying archers, two women, and one man attacked the zombies. The copies of Ryan's parents tried to attack them, but then another army approached and joined the battle a human army. Ryan failed at identifying those three, but even from far away, he could tell that they were similar to Yahiko. As if their presences weren't enough, Ryan saw them wearing pieces of armor. Those were definitely Indian since they had even a small part that resembled chainmail protecting their head alongside the helmets.

"What are we going to do?" Femradiel asked.

"Watch," Ryan replied. "My goal here is to recover the fragments of my parents' souls and then kill Thanatos, not make friends or new allies."

Ryan was fully aware that once he shows up, Thanatos will make his zombie army retreat, and that wasn't interesting for him. Ryan had to see their army grow weaker, and then he will attack, recover the fragments of his parents' souls, and then decimate the rest of the zombie army before heading toward their dungeon to obtain another class.

"You sure like to give bad impressions," Femradiel said. "You will steal their victory and even claim a lot of prizes I can't imagine how thrilled they will be once they discover that you could have helped a lot sooner."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1