Chapter 697: Vampire

Chapter 697: Vampire

Vlad Tepes

Class: Vampire King Lv Max / Lord of the Night Lv Max / Death Subordinate Lv Max

Race: Vampire

Rank: 06th

Health: 111.963/111.963

Mana: 155.580/155.580

Stamina: 27.730/27.730

Strength: 5.632

Dexterity: 4560

Speed: 8852

Intelligence: 12.360

Endurance: 15.630

Control: 6523

Mentality: 9800

Luck: 2560

Recovery: 56.632

Willpower: 9800

Coins: 175.236.985

Status: 00

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: Health Drain Lv 650, Mana Drain Lv 650, Stamina Drain Lv 520, Vampire Blood Lv Max

Passive Physical Skills: Pain Resistance Lv Max, Focus Lv Max, Improved Strength Lv 523, Enhanced Intelligence Lv 700, Augmented Recovery Lv 640,

Spells: Darkness Manipulation Lv Max, Fly Lv Max, Gravity Lv Max, Health Stealer Lv 825, Mana Stealer Lv 752, Stamina Stealer Lv 452

Support Skills: Curse Resistance Lv Max, Darkness Resistance Lv Max, Fire Resistance Lv 400, Cold Resistance Lv 950, Electric Resistance Lv 660, Shock Resistance Lv 350

Dracula was even weirder than the ones Ryan saw in movies and games. The only resemblance was a dark cloak that he had and the unhealthy skin stone. As for the rest, he had messy black hair and gray eyes. It was pretty weird given that the other vampires looked so neat while living in the vampires' empire.

For some reason, Absolute Appraisal worked on Dracula. Ryan and Femradiel's predictions were correct. The enemy really was the legendary vampire. He worked for Thanatos, and the system even allowed him in the ranks, even though he was also a vampire.

Without wasting any time, Dracula began to attack from a certain distance. While flying, he began to steal Ryan's mana. In the end, Ryan returned to his human form and then stood still above the barrier.

"Femradiel, protect me," Ryan said.

"Here we go again with your insane plans," Femradiel said.

Even without telling, Femradiel already knew what Ryan was planning. Dracula was stealing Ryan's mana, but in the end, he wasn't decreasing the maximum amount of mana Ryan actually had. On the other hand

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

Your dexterity has increased by twelve points.

Ryan activated Wolf's Greed and began to stole Dracula's dexterity. At first, he thought Ryan was only using the same type of tactic, but soon he noticed that wasn't the case. He imagined it was a bluff, but Ryan didn't stop even when his mana had fallen to zero.

Dracula began to steal Ryan's health since he noticed that Ryan was being damaged by his own skill, but Femradiel healed him. As if that wasn't enough, she was completely stopping the attacks of all other vampires. That should be impossible, given her status.

Eventually, Dracula concluded that taking his time would only make things more difficult in the long run. The enemy couldn't be allowed to keep stealing his dexterity like that. Suddenly, Ryan and Femradiel felt their bodies getting heavier, and before they could fly to escape, they crossed the barrier. Ryan used Draconic Transformation again and then grabbed Femradiel to cross the barrier again, but he failed. The barrier became solid again.

"It looks like someone wants to trap us here," Ryan said while smiling. "Focus on dealing with the small fries, Femradiel."

"I always have to deal with the most boring work," Femradiel said and then sighed.

Femradiel moved her arms, and then the temperature in the area decreased tremendously. In the end, Ryan also decided to give her a hand and used Niffelheim. With the sole exception of Dracula, every vampire got slower, and layers of ice slowly began to form around their bodies. However, not even the dark cloak of the king of vampires was being covered with ice it was a magic item that protected him against negative effects

Ryan dashed toward Dracula, and the vampire did the same. That was a perfect chance to see if that cloak worked against physical attacks. Ryan punched the vampire with all his might. In the last moment, he even used Holy Enchantment on his fist, but Dracula barely moved backward.

Ryan didn't feel much power coming from his arms, but he felt his health decreasing at an insane speed. After using Shapeshifting and summoning four more arms, Ryan tried to compensate by using Vampirism and Bloodthirsty. Still, he wasn't recovering enough health by attacking with them, even with a rain of punches.

After using Flash to escape, Ryan stared at the king of the vampires. His ability to drain health was peerless. Trying to play that game was stupid. So, he summoned several copies of his Holy Crossbow and bombarded the king of the vampires. As expected, he used his cloak to block them, but the creature's body began to emit some steam whenever the arrows hit it.

"It seems his cloak is also good against physical attacks, but not against holy magic," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows.

Ryan considered his options as he watched Femradiel freezing the vampires around into ice statues. While her speed wasn't fearsome, her control was something else. Whenever the vampires got close, her powers would increase. Whenever they fired their blood projectiles, Femradiel easily froze them and fired them back. She wouldn't need his help

Ryan exchanged the four arms for three heads and then used Ice Breath. For some reason, probably because he would gain a lot of Ryan wastes his mana with useless attacks, Dracula didn't move and accepted the entire attack head-on. However, the vampire king suddenly felt a sharp pain in his arms, and then he began to tremble. When he looked at his arms, he saw some weird arrows arrows that emitted a lot of heat they were arrows made of solidified sunlight.

When Ryan saw the vampire trembling, he recognized the fact that his plan worked somewhat. Sunlight wasn't deadly for Dracula, but at least it was even more effective than holy magic.

"It paid off solidifying some projectiles made with sunlight and storing them in my storage space," Ryan muttered. "Still, this won't be enough"

Ryan concluded that when he saw Dracula destroying the arrows with a weird shadow that moved from his hands.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1