Chapter 695: Mana Concealment

Chapter 695: Mana Concealment

Ryan thought that by defeating Poseidon, the old Femradiel would return, but he was wrong. At that point in time, wishing for that was a waste of time, so Ryan decided to move on. As long as she doesn't cause problems, he had no reason to change Femradiel.

Ryan trusted that Femradiel's familiars would warn her in case some enemies attack the domain. Still, in the end, that never happened, which was weird. Ryan's new defensive strategy wasn't used. Still, he felt like improving a little bit since he couldn't understand why the dungeon masters were being so cautious. So, after doing that for the whole day, he left after sunset. This time, he headed to Japan to buy his dragon hearts from Yahiko.

"We will start from this region today," Ryan said. "Alert me if you find any traces of my parent's presence."

"Got it," Femradiel said.

Since they didn't stop anywhere, both of them managed to search around many continents. Still, in the end, Femradiel didn't find Isaac and Martha's presence anywhere aside from Romania.

"What is the meaning of this?" Ryan asked.

"It seems that Thanatos isn't using all the copies he made using the souls of your parents," Femradiel explained. "I didn't mention it, but I also felt the presence of a domain in that direction. Most likely, he is planning to lure him to his world before tiring you out."

"... Nah, he is trying to piss me off as well," Ryan said. "He knew that I would come for my parents and that is why he used only a few of their fragments. I would bet that he already knows that I was the one who defeated Poseidon after I showed Chronos Ring. So, he must be aware that a domain and a guardian or a fallen won't stop me."

Femradiel wanted to provide a better alternative, but in the end, nothing came to mind. Ryan was going to dash into the enemy's domain in Romania and then open a path to the next world. The world of the Greek god of death Femradiel couldn't imagine anything good coming out of it.

"At this point in time, it won't be weird that we know all this by ourselves," Femradiel said. "So, if you ask for help from Isis and Athena, no one will suspect and you can at least learn a few things from Thanatos and come up with some sort of strategy to face him."

Ryan considered that option, but in the end, his pride talked louder. He had to defeat Thanatos by himself through and through. He needed not only the experience of surviving the surprise that an elder god can throw at him, but he also needed the power to show that all those who want to stand on his path won't have a quick death.

"Why do you have to be stubborn like a bull?" Femradiel asked once she realized what Ryan was thinking. "Asking you to come up with some plans for countermeasures will be asking too much?"

"No, but I already have a few countermeasures, even though I have no idea what I am going to face," Ryan replied.

"Since that is the case, increase your number of countermeasures by three times," Femradiel said. "I will be able to keep some enemies in check, but ultimately, I am not at the level where I can defeat those who work directly under the elder gods."

Since Femradiel was a worrywart, Ryan decided to follow her advice. She was absolutely correct, after all. While he couldn't give up on his revenge, he at least had to make sure that he won't die a dog's death, and the only way to do that when the opponent was Thanatos was by having a solid plan. Unfortunately, Ryan could only prepare the way he wanted on Earth, not on someone else's planet. Ryan tried to find a way to make surprise attacks even on the enemy's terrain. In the end, Ryan had a certain idea, but he decided to do something else, and once again, he checked the Dungeon Shop.

Ryan looked for a tome that would help him directly at the fight, but in the end, he didn't find any that could be useful even at level one. However, Ryan found one that would be useful once he arrives in Thanatos' world.

Mana Concealment Tome

Effect: it grants you the power to hide your magic presence, making you untraceable to most types of tracking spells.

Mana: 300 mana per second.

Cost: 20.000.000 coins.

"Until now, I managed to attack some enemies by surprise by leaving the planet, but now this should help me save some time," Ryan said. "I am out of ideas, do you have any tip of skills I should learn, Femradiel?"

"Why are you asking now of all times?" Femradiel asked. "You always come up with weird tactics without informing me."

"Well, if you don't have any way to contribute, then I guess I will get going," Ryan said.

" Buy the Electric Armor tome," Femradiel said after a long sigh. "You won't gain much defense by using that skill, but at least you will be able to cause some extra damage and obtain some speed as well."

Electric Armor Tome

Effect: it grants you the chance to electrocute those that attack you physically by reflecting some of the damage received. The damage reflected will be equal to the level of the skill plus ten percent of your intelligence. Electric armor also increases your speed by one percent per level.

Mana: 300 mana per second.

Cost: 40.000.000 coins.

It was weird that Femradiel was telling Ryan to learn a skill that wasn't related to ice magic, but in the end, it was pretty good advice. That skill was awesome since it increased his speed by a percentage. So, those who had higher speed would benefit even more from it. Ryan bought the two tomes without hesitating. Still, Ryan has a lot more coins to use but not a single idea of what to buy maybe he should spend some time between battles thinking about crazy powerful skills. Now that his enemies were at the level of the elder gods, he couldn't follow his common sense. His plans had to become even crazier than before.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1