Chapter 694: Now And Then

Chapter 694: Now and then

"I thought he would have a lot more gathering to control, I guess being close to a country that has many guardians caused Thanatos some troubles," Femradiel said. "What is the plan, Ryan?"

"Let's annoy that asshole," Ryan replied.

"I thought that was the plan from the very beginning," Femradiel frowned. "I am asking how exactly we are going to do that.

"Just do whatever you want, but make sure to freeze some of them without killing," Ryan replied.

Femradiel sighed, he was Ryan letting the blood rush to his head again, but then she changed her mind when he teleported both of them to the right above the liches army.

Ryan decided to go all out for a change and make Thanatos clench his teeth while he watches his troops being massacred. Ryan used Draconic Transformation and then landed, smashing dozens of liches. However, that was just the first part. Before the monsters could attack him, they frowned when they saw Ryan with three heads. He used Shapeshifting to obtain two more heads, and then he opened them and used Ice Breath.

By focusing his attack on a single point, Ryan's attack increased exponentially. It froze even those monsters that should have high magic resistance but the droves. They didn't even have time to resist. Hundreds of them became ice statues in a matter of moments It was a pity that Ryan couldn't create more heads with Shapeshifting.

"You are hiding your ideas again!" Femradiel protested. "I should have known that you were plotting something when you used that skill to have an extra pair of arms."

Ryan ignored Femradiel's protest since it wasn't his fault. She never asks why he does certain things after all. Still, Ryan couldn't blame her since she is busy with her own training. She was so focused that she had the same status that Ryan had when he faced the fake Mephisto. Speaking of which, it was at that level that Ryan defeated her Draconic form.

The liches tried to attack Ryan, but he blocked their weird purple beams with his Frost Armor. Still, that only worked for so long. After a while, the Frost Armor began to grow weaker, and Ryan understood why when the first beams hit his body.

All of your statuses have decreased by five points per ten seconds.

Your Curse Resistance has leveled up.

"Curses, huh," Ryan furrowed his eyebrows. "How annoying.

Although that was the first time he did that, Ryan made his body spin, and his three heads began to cause damage in a wider area. While he didn't kill the enemies as fast as before, it was more than enough to slow them down, prevent their escape, and even block some of their purple beams.

Adding all that to Femradiel's control over ice magic, both of them decimated the zombie's army in a couple of minutes.

"I am not going to stop here, Thanatos," Ryan said. "I know you are watching this, so mark my words: keep washing your neck because soon it will be your turn."

The Indian soldiers might arrive at any moment, and since Ryan didn't want to talk, he hurried to gather the loot and use Seal on the liches that Femradiel captured, and Ryan obtained a pleasant surprise.

Zen Ring (+ 10)

Effect: it increases your mana recovery by fifty points per second.

Durability: 30/30

Ryan imagined that they would make good magic items, so that was why he used rings, but that far surpassed his expectations. Maybe Ryan should stay in that dungeon and grind for those rings in the end, he only made nine more of them, deciding to use Elunium Spheres to upgrade them.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Dark Knight, Sentinel, and Cryomancer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Cryomancer!

You obtained the following skills: Cryomancy, Absolute Zero, and Niffelheim.

Your intelligence and mana will increase by six points. Your stamina, health, willpower, and mentality will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Cryomancy.

Since you already have this skill, the skill will level up five times.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Absolute Zero.

Effect: It grants you the power to freeze an entire area instantly.

Cost: 3000 mana

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Niffelheim.

Effect: It grants the power to decrease the temperature around you exponentially. The temperature will decrease according to the level of the skill.

Cost: 300 mana per second.

You obtained 01 status points.

"... no luck this time, huh," Ryan said after a long sigh.

"To think that humans would be able to learn Cryomancy just by obtaining this class," Femradiel frowned. "This is way too weird."

Before they could give Thanatos any chance to lay a trap nearby, Ryan and Femradiel left. Attacking or finding another fragment of his parents' souls won't be easy, so Ryan decided to rest at his domain. He was tired since it was pretty weird to suddenly have and use three heads.

Ryan decided to sleep until sunrise, and so he did it, but he woke up with a surprise in the end. After laying down on the grass and sleeping soundly, Femradiel sneaked toward him and then began to use his right arm as a pillow. While that wasn't a bad feeling, Ryan couldn't help but sigh for a very peculiar reason.

"You can't fool me, I know that you are not sleeping," Ryan said.

"I don't need to sleep, but resting my mind now and then isn't so bad," Femradiel smiled.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1