Chapter 696: A Kingdom Full Of...

Chapter 696: A kingdom full of...

After finishing his preparations, Ryan and Femradiel flew to Romania, and they couldn't help but frown since they found a country that was almost completely repaired. It was weird since that country wasn't that small So how come the humans from there managed to survive with enough numbers to do that?

"I know that a single human being can do a lot more with magic, but this is just insane" Ryan said.

There were plenty of medieval-ish buildings that had been repaired probably. Come to think of it, the humans from that country didn't have to build the same buildings all over again. In any case, Ryan's first impression was that the place was a country full of historical value.

Eventually, Ryan found the capital of Romania, but he couldn't help but frown. While he found many cities on his path that had been restored, the capital was abandoned, and one could still see signs of the destruction caused by the dragons. At that very moment, Ryan confirmed that something was off.

A few hours later, Ryan felt the presence of a domain, and weirdly enough, it covered the entire forested area of Transylvania and its surrounding regions. At that point in time, there was no mistake the owner of that domain. The weird presence Femradiel felt before probably belonged to Vlad Tepes Drakul also known as count Dracula. It fit what Ryan felt. He was an undead creature. Hence his presence was similar to Thanatos. He was also worldly famous, so he could have been brought back as a guardian or as a fallen. Even if he joined Thanatos' side, it was hard to confirm which side of the coin he was supposed to be.

Even though the domain was much larger than his and Ryan couldn't use Clairvoyance to see things inside. He still could fly above and check things with his own eyes. Thanks to that, he had the chance to see a massive city in the center of the domain and people inside walking around as if nothing was wrong. The weirdest thing was that he couldn't find guards and that the city was too lively considering that it was long past midnight. It was strange. The barrier prevented Ryan from using Clairvoyance. Still, it didn't prevent him from using Absolute Appraisal on the citizens there.

???  Lv ???

Health: ???/???

Mana: ???/???

Stamina: ???/???

Strength: ???

Dexterity: ???

Speed: ???

Intelligence: ???

Endurance: ???

Control: ???

Mentality: ???

Luck: ???

Recovery: ???

Willpower: ???

Coins: --

Status: --

Skill List

Offensive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Passive Physical Skills: ???, ???, ???

Spells: ???, ???, ???

Support Skills: ???, ???, ???

Classes:

Combat: Vampire Lv Max

Non-Combatant: Lost Soul Lv Max

"I can't believe it" Ryan frowned. "All those people are vampires? How in the heck all of them have skills that are more high-level than Absolute Appraisal?"

"I am more worried about their numbers," Femradiel said. "Even without seeing their status, it is easy to see how powerful they are. Zombies can't even be compared to them since their presences are also similar to Yahiko's."

"All of them?" Ryan asked.

"All of them," Femradiel replied.

Something was off while Ryan knew that Romania was the place where that legend was born, it was too weird that it would revive so many vampires. Based on what Ryan knew, those vampires were once humans. While vampires were, without a doubt, monsters, he didn't find a single dungeon that spawned them as minions, only as bosses. Even if a single dungeon had the chance to spawn bosses every month for several years, it would be enough to bring to Earth dozens of thousands of vampires, and that was how many Ryan and Femradiel could see.

"Is it time for a change of plans?" Femradiel asked. "I don't doubt that you still can destroy the barrier, but facing so many zombies at the same time will be a pain."

"Well, it looks like I have to show one of my trump cards a bit sooner than planned," Ryan said.

To save some time, Ryan decided to go all out from the very beginning. This time he used all the physical buffs he could think of and then used Draconic Transformation, but he didn't stop there. Ryan used Shapeshifting again to become an ice dragon that had six arms. Then he began to bombard the barrier with his punches. After confirming that Magic Vampirism was working even with his fake arms, Ryan summoned several copies of this Hydra's Bow and then made those massive magic arrows to rain down on the barrier.

When the vampires finally felt Ryan's presence, he was already making the entire domain tremble with his attacks. The vampires eventually began to fly toward Ryan. Still, even they decided to attack him from the safety of the domain's interior. They fired Blood Arrows and Blood Spears toward him, but Femradiel blocked them with her ice magic. It was the best thing she could do with her powers right now.

Congratulations! The class: Champion has reached level 45.

Congratulations! The class: Iron Fist has reached level 52.

Congratulations! The class: Monk has reached level 72.

"Oh? Are you planning on obtaining a special melee class now?" Femradiel asked. "Weirdly enough, this is a pretty interesting way to level them up."

"That wasn't my plan, but I guess I will do it," Ryan said. "It is simple, but it is weird that you can level up the melee classes just by having additional arms."

Ryan and Femradiel were talking as if they weren't attacking a domain and hundreds of vampires were a few hundred meters below them. Although Femradiel said that they were powerful, it looked like they weren't that experienced in fighting. If they were, they wouldn't just watch a dragon damaging the only thing that could protect them.

However, their behavior changed when a massive bat suddenly appeared in the distance. Some of them began to attack more fiercely while others left the domain to attack Ryan and Femradiel from other directions it looked like the master of the domain finally decided to show up.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1