Chapter 700: Vampire Killer

Chapter 700: Vampire Killer

Before the vampires could do anything, Ryan bombarded them with a massive rain of holy arrows. Magic Bows, Rapid Shot, Arrow Showed, Firing Stance, Holy Enchantment he used all of those skills to decimate hundreds of vampires and buy some time. While Dracula wasn't dead, he was almost there. Ryan just needed a few extra seconds who bought those seconds was Femradiel, who suddenly showed up and used Niffelheim. The temperature decreased, and the closer they got to them, the more frozen they got.

Vampire Killer Crossbow (Heroic)

Effect: it grants you an additional of one hundred percent extra damage when fighting vampires.

Dexterity + 400, Intelligence + 200

Durability: 150/150

You received 166.098.788 coins.

Congratulations! You have reached the rank of the 20 strongest humans! Keep clearing dungeons and defeating monsters to raise your rank, and you might receive some nice rewards!

Current Rank: 17th

You obtained: Summon Zombie tome.

Weirdly enough, when Ryan turned Dracula into a crossbow, all the vampires around began to turn into dust. That was unexpected, as if that wasn't enough. Ryan didn't get a single coin, nor did they drop a single item.

"Ah, my spoils of war" Ryan said.

"It is unbelievable that you are worried about spoils after such a difficult fight," Femradiel frowned. "It looks like Dracula had some bond with the other vampires probably because he created them in the first place."

That seemed logical but that doesn't explain the lack of other monsters inside the domain. After checking his few rewards, Ryan decided to hurry and check the interior of the domain. Still, he didn't find anyone or anything for a while. After a few minutes, several types of monsters began to show up. Still, they didn't have any relation with Thanatos or Dracula.

"What is going on here?" Ryan asked.

"You could have asked Dracula if he were an elder god," Femradiel said.

Unlike Poseidon, who still existed inside the crossbow, Dracula couldn't talk, even though he was somewhat alive inside the crossbow. In any case, Ryan forgot to turn the Nordic warrior into a weapon, so it was hard to know if only elder gods could talk, even inside weapons.

"Come to think of it, maybe I should have turned Dracula into a whip," Ryan said with a hint of a smile on his face.

"Why?" Femradiel asked.

"You wouldn't understand," Ryan replied.

"True, your head works in weird ways most of the time," Femradiel nodded.

Ryan didn't have any argument to go against that, so he decided to focus on the task ahead. He found the crystal of the domain and obtained ownership over it. Once that happened, he noticed why things were so weird in that place. Instead of ordinary monsters, Dracula was summoning a creature called Bloody Parasite. Once the parasite enters anyone's body, the said person can turn into a vampire. The method was way too different if compared to mythology.

According to the description of the monster, it can also increase the power of its vessel exponentially by fighting and by drinking the blood of enemies. However, all that comes with a price, unless the vessel is strong, most of them don't resist the first few hours after the Transformation. As if that isn't enough, the vampire is bound by the will and life of the creator of the parasite.

"So, that's why" Ryan said. "What a crappy monster.

"It seems Thanatos fooled us. I don't know if Dracula was working for him or if he made the fragments stop here" Femradiel said. "Either way, he forced you to show some tricks that you had in store for him."

"Son of a bitch" Ryan clenched his teeth in annoyance. "He is playing with me"

"Well, don't feel too bad about it," Femradiel said and then whispered in Ryan's ears.

Ryan felt shivers when he heard Femradiel's voice from so close, to the point that he even jumped a little bit. That scared him for some odd reason.

"Did you did you just feel a shiver?" Femradiel frowned.

"Sorry, you caught me off guard," Ryan said.

"Even so, your reaction was way too weird," Femradiel insisted.

"... Whatever, I guess I will summon some monsters to garrison this place," Ryan said.

"Don't try to change the subject!" Femradiel protested.

Since there were some dungeons in there, Ryan will have to stay in that domain for a while. In order to make things inside under control and to prevent trouble from outside. So, he might as well create another army of skeletons and golems.

Congratulations! You have cleared the dungeon and obtained its treasure! As a reward for your achievement, you can obtain one of the three following classes: Guardian, Fallen Archer, and Conjurer.

Please be aware that clearing this dungeon again won't give you the chance to unlock the other remaining classes. If you want to obtain them, you will have to search for those in other dungeons.

Congratulations! You have become a Level one Fallen Archer!

You obtained the following skills: Corrupt Arrow, Vengeance, and Corruption Storm.

Your dexterity and stamina will increase by six points. Your health, mana, speed, and control will increase by three points whenever you level up your class.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Corrupt Arrow.

Effect: A special arrow that causes direct damage to the target's mana and stamina. The amount of damage caused will be equal to the level of the skill.

Cost: 100 mana.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Vengeance.

Effect: It passively increases your speed upon defeating targets that have killed your allies by one point while you keep fighting.

You obtained 01 status points.

Congratulations! You have learned the skill: Corruption Storm.

Effect: it grants you the power to cause a storm of arrows that will cause massive damage in an area while decreasing the mana and stamina of your foes.

You obtained 01 status points.

Ryan nodded in satisfaction when he cleared the first dungeon he found inside the domain. It looked like his luck was coming around meanwhile, Ryan felt Femradiel's gaze piercing his back.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1